
VIDEOID:UAkdtlxOZcM
Aly Colorful:LOL!!! XDDDDD
Edit your name:awesome i love this one
higurashigirl123:i loved this ep it was awsome!!! and good job
Charlie Estrada:Naruto Shippuden episode 113 they just posted it and there is continuation 
just wait for saturday
nedjy bouloute:were?
JayKemilLoL:yea i saw this episode awsome
tayo66:Yep, latest episode.
nedjy bouloute:well i cant wait
DustinItachiUchiha:nope they didn't
ryanman51:what programs did u use ?
nedjy bouloute:i thought thy stopped making shipuden episodes
DustinItachiUchiha:shippuden is making this in 2 weeks ^_^
nedjy bouloute:its very simple wene you get used to it
DUMBA17:vierd video
Jeremy Alquizar:good waaay better
nedjy bouloute:ask my mentor darkarrival he helped
ryanman51:how did u do this animation?
darkarrival99:very good, it looks as if u used an effect on the whole image which made it 
look better. the animtion, like the flow of it was much better. but you 
still might wont atleast 3 frames for the mouth. closed, teeth showing, 
then open.GREAT JOB!!

VIDEOID:2qLSWyQBNp0

VIDEOID:h6S7Dy531D0
bitanesi042:cok super abi ya turklugumle gurur duyuyorum. NE MUTLU TURKUM 
DIYENE!!!!!!!!!!!!

VIDEOID:0_zd02C6bMc
rogers steven:Que tetas mas ricas! 0:03

VIDEOID:UbJSy0jsG-k
moha max:CoOL

VIDEOID:NaUHr6t4ME4
Tinaboo1998:@MsSummerWonderland Your'e Welcome :)
GeorgeSampson13:voll Fett Alta ! 

VIDEOID:07OHzRUVECU
How-Hing Pau:Design a Costume Set Workshop - City of Heroes Freedom - 2012 Player Summit

VIDEOID:XGStBs2o4m0
SexyFunnyVn:

VIDEOID:RIQ8nm3OEV4

VIDEOID:VjuFH0t3oW0
Giampiere Parimango:jijipilin rra

VIDEOID:w6OBCiFZZBQ
AIZEKE1:Cool Nice Music!

VIDEOID:C1FqsEAi5ZA
yoel rocha mancilla:

VIDEOID:od965brO6oA
Winston Harris:where am I
cmccarreiro:jello 
DreamWizard9:Great work!!!
flogoff:Will you ever add animations for Genesis? would buy them for sure ;-)
SKAmotion:That comes with the download
54ks3d:Hi - great work! I just downloaded this walk and am looking forward to 
making my own video with it.
Eiliestl:Does the jiggle come with the download or did you do that yourself?
SKAmotion:Your work looks great! Nice job
Stan Natson:Really good. Among all other similar works here this one is one of the 
best. I'm working on similar thing and created one example. Find it here: 
hMRqFpcaBO0 
MsOneofMany:@markash1971 and vice versa for the men :p
blackAngel:perfect what next.?
Kristallproductions:That last one was a real butter face...
SKAmotion:@crystif77 Hello There, for the Catwalk Turns I used Right1Short and 
Right2Short. You load Right1Short first and then go to the last frame and 
load Right2Short. I hope that's what you're asking? All the best
cristina franceschini:Hello I've bought from your site Victoria 4.2 Catwalk, I wanted to know 
what sequence you used for poser
Er H:bravo...best i ever saw...realer than real !
zero man:if we could phisically connect to the vertual world, real women wouldnt get 
any play lol
theend32001:Hit "6" on your keyboard ever 3 seconds
mp2611:sexy ass walk
Casina777:great motions!
Able Danger:jiggly boobs!

VIDEOID:Dbw8uPNWhLY
ConnMovieMakers:I laughed so hard at the beginning with the spongebob clips.
Media Headz TV:*my broke ass cant get it*... *soo mite aswell let my fellow djs who can 
get it :) get the best price i can find* 
Media Headz TV:

VIDEOID:b1l7FDk-q6k
wolfmaster210:gimmie akumaru.....plz
hardyboy990:can i get the tunniling fang stk plz
Henrique Eliezer:can you pass me the akamaro stk please ???/?/
PivotMasterMF:little bit too stiff
Juanito Sulvaran:ansome 5/5 cand you send me the stck figures please.? 0_0
Shika SS:man, can you pls send me akamaru shipp stick figure
nich leus:thank you
nich leus:hi mr. judefekter said that you have a gaara sand attacks can you send it 
to me and akamaru and his swirling thing please
PivotAkatsuki:Then I'm gona give credits to you for the idea :D
AdventureGumbo:it would be funny, you did say it was undecided XD you don't have to if you 
don't want to but it would be funny XD
PivotAkatsuki:well I dident thing of that but I can make one if you want :)
AdventureGumbo:wow, is there going to be a part 2?

VIDEOID:fbZ1EFAvtUs
Media Headz TV:there's going to be a part 2 to this and im going to be able to do more :)
Media Headz TV:I do Both Gaming and Djing on my youtube now plz njoy 
BradDoGFX:Great job! 
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:im both a gamer and a dj :) 
Media Headz TV:

VIDEOID:mBEMi6bDJ04
john doe:fantastic
Jd Mason:Great song,great episode.
you did a good job on the pmv m8

VIDEOID:Btj4iAOsAWA

VIDEOID:wBp-Tqi1fXE
jsanrod20:And what kind of paints did you use on it??
jsanrod20:How big is that canvas 
Steven Harris:Damn. Hott!!!
evirkc13:a eso es a lo ke llamo un wolverine!!! felicidades esta super chingon men 
un saludo!!!
THEAIRBRUSHMANONE:esta pesao!brutisimo vato!

VIDEOID:9d_wRsHJVOA

VIDEOID:ge9ai4DgWUY
:how many Chinese GSB alumni carry global business instead of only focus on 
China?

VIDEOID:D277kY5jwaI
darkpill:You couldn't find anyone who can speak more than 4 words of english?!
Andrew Carpenter:No more coal fired power plants in Beijing or Shanghai...sounds like a 
start. I wish they'd get moving faster with reducing non-renewable 
electricity usage.
1upmydog:water HHO fuel

VIDEOID:_VUFfUjOMpY
Sanjay Rajdhar:may i know the price of this machine contact 9881734890
T.S.Y Stationary:tsy now bind the master research
unakaribishwa
ALEXANDER DAVID Simes Fernandes:Qual o valor, envia para o Brasil?
Satpal Singh:Can we use this machine to print wedding cards & whats the price of the 
machine 9910897599
Al noon:we all know what we're ussin it for ;)
Pranesh K:may i know the price of this machine contact 9886347977
rahilboy basharahil:hi all, please i have this machine but lost my driver and software can 
anyone help me with them??
Sr Graphics:sir, let me know the price of this machine and can i print business cards, 
certificates and invitations etc in this machine direct from computer ?
adi dadi:may i know the price of this machine? i run a printing press in ethiopia
Bill Streifer:Real gold foil is available but very expensive. Imitation "gold" foil is 
available in many colors (including silver) and can be purchased from many 
suppliers around the world. The difference is the quality of the foil and 
the temperature required to release the gold from the clear backing.
Bill Streifer:Very nice!
Mukul Tiwari: 
may i know the price of this machine? i run a printing press in india
kamran mughal:plz send me final price and more details with cargo china to oman muscat.
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:yes ,it can.thanks.
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Weigh:64cm.Long:120M 
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:25USD/ROLL
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Sir,This machine Direct Make To Print.
kamran mughal:if i want foil paper, it,s one roll how much price? 
kamran mughal:sir this machine direct make to print or first should print the paper?
Day Pen:can this machine print on sticker labels that would be fed through on 
sheets?

VIDEOID:t1wIAs0uJ_Y
locnp0209:please add english sub.

VIDEOID:KtpqRdOlBwg
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:China Best Tabletop Flat Screen Printing Machine Only 1400USD

VIDEOID:IRNdv0eMYOE
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Wine Glass Cups Screen Printing Machine,Screen Printer,China

VIDEOID:jWYjpG9xpRg
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Flat Bed Screen Printing Machine,Plane Screen Printing Machine,China

VIDEOID:JMTH25U9aTQ

VIDEOID:RU6T1y-kx2U
turan yakan:

VIDEOID:HOLmL5kCTw8
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:china Large fomat sublimation heat press machine,heat transfer machine

VIDEOID:qVdH6hjGO5s
atenza544:

VIDEOID:7jbTZdnGjdk
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:China Best Flame Treatment Machine

VIDEOID:ut34nxVyLjg
scott will:Wolfe for president.say what u will but Dave and Ed cant live w/o each 
other.
Stefano Bongini:Wolf is bad ASS!!!
MAIDENFAN4LIFE:Add a message to your video

VIDEOID:k4uYQaPYlAU
Angelie Sanchez:I mean, how much per bottle plastic printing in 500ml for 100,000-500,000 
pcs.

Thank you!
Angelie Sanchez:Good day!

I want only to know, how much your plastic bottle printing machine?

Or how per bottle plastic printing 500ml for 100,000-500,000?

Do you have a factory here in the Philippines?

Pls!

Thank you!

Angie Sanchez
Fabricio Canonico:how much this one with 3 colors?
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Plastic Bottles China Fully Automatic Silk Screen Printing Machine

VIDEOID:TQUvGVxf49g

VIDEOID:SZ-8MWw_8Kc
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Alcohol Glass Bottle Screen Printing Machine

VIDEOID:2oQfbBtX0ks
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:China High Speed Digital Hot Stamping Machine

VIDEOID:soWi1GpOt7A
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:China High Quality UV Curing Machine,UV Curing Equipment,UV Curing Unit

VIDEOID:BmEL43yXS6M
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Flat Face Labeling Machine,China Labeling Machine Manufacture

VIDEOID:h5kTc_rH6e0
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:China High Quality Heat Transfer Machine,Thermal Transfer machine

VIDEOID:RUAXoDqslNw
wcolby:

VIDEOID:VQd1UAkyPZQ

VIDEOID:ukfHaxVM7Bk

VIDEOID:p8Kx7srmUxc
wcolby:

VIDEOID:h4zS6Yiv-iU
Andy Warhol:1: This sure is one fine china!
2: Dave sure knows how to "Chap"erone!

VIDEOID:PxS4EuTaKmw

VIDEOID:tjbPhNox5yA

VIDEOID:euxJhgYZXL8
KL Tah:what an inspiration. 
Edward Varlamov:what a beauty perspective on business and life in general, his humility 
brought me to tears, and as always baba booey
twk1d:Great lecture, thank you very much for posting this.
Dare Ogunleye:Amazing and enlightening lecture. This time i'm gonna do something 
worthwhile with my life according to Jack Ma's final statement. Thank you 
so much
jo ellis: any nation's rise and fall relied heavily on their citizen's 
characteristic and personality and teachings. all the empire fell on the 
very ground, which their people without any humanities, moral compass and 
conscience. westerner never hates your skin color, but they hates your 
culture and civilization, that's why the west always pick up third world 
nation for bombing rob their resources with bi-product destroy their very 
culture and civilization. 
jazevox:very inspirational, GREAT SPEECH, I wish he talked in English, it was hard 
to read the caption the whole time, had to pause multiple times to read, 
but really great message/speech.
Stanford Graduate School of Business:Yes! We just included links to the transcripts in the video description.
turhusadnap:Do you have a transcript of this talk?
matmicmj:PEACE ...
Rayfil Wong:his emphasis that too learning on money as a sole resource to success is 
spot on. hedgin on small companies being agile and the ability to make 
quick decisions is a key point
Krishna Iyer:Super awesome and very different set of perspectives! Superb!
infinitemind888:What a Great Person Jack Ma is! An awesome lecture.
mambozz:Amazing lecture, thank you very much for putting this up
Chiyun Li:He has such a remarkable sense of humor!!! 

VIDEOID:OavUEiNTtTY

VIDEOID:7ehMipNAOjE
Best action hollywood movies full english:chinese martial arts movies | free kung fu movies full HD english subtitles

VIDEOID:Fq532g8l2qM
Daniel O'Leary:

VIDEOID:qxlUEYHFJy8

VIDEOID:M1R61JlznS0

VIDEOID:vdraR5axbjs

VIDEOID:2KxyPkC2WeY
Mario Pestel:Real internal martial arts!
YOUNG TL:is he okkkkkkkkkkk????

VIDEOID:BeR_easP7x4

VIDEOID:FBaB0cfS7nM

VIDEOID:Kypbngpeqwg
JahRasta01:Guy sounds like he's been breathing a lot of adjacent to fracking sites.  
Koen Delvaux:The devil's  advocate on hydraulic #fracking. The same line of 
argumentation was set up in the past about nucleair energy.
stanfordearth:

VIDEOID:aMh6Dn6mCNI
dilegentelectron:Tencent has innovation. It's better than skype , MSN, yahoo messenger, and 
etc
slowmopoke:Many of Tencent's software and services are remarkably similar to those of 
competitors. The founder and chairman, Huateng "Pony Ma" Ma, famously said, 
"[To] copy is not evil." A former CEO and President of SINA.com, Wang 
Zhidong, said, "Pony Ma is a notorious king of copying." Jack Ma of Alibaba 
Group stated, "the problem in Tencent is no innovation; all things are 
copies."

VIDEOID:z8wqS7VkAcw
Mani raj:The world is not only for I.Techs. There are some other better places as 
well. For an instance  http://www.myadvertisingpays.com/ref.asp?spon=111516. 
This one pays you every 20 minutes total 72 times a day.... Where else do 
you get paid like this ? Join for free .... I will guide you.
Daniel Vigil de Quiones:
Tobias Se:Yo.
Does anyone have a link for this video in better quality?
Murphy L:YOU ALL GOTTA WATCH THIS!!!
I would want to work here when i grow up!
I mean who would not?
AWESOME!
Rickelectro:his is not normal this is not capitalism
80arul:are you mad? let me guide you the awesome platform search panXCash
MickeysJunky408:+StormKidification yeah. I used to work there when I was 20. Google hires 
so many young people. Part of the book project. Randstad was the ones 
signing my checks but we worked with Googles proprietary systems and did it 
on campus.
Angelika Banghard:Das Thema "Arbeitsumfeld" sehr gut umgesetzt!
Youna Aboud:Google is awesome
Colleywoodstudios:i know its impossible for all companies to do this but damn some offices 
just need to be a little bit more fun. like ya dont need to have 
resturaunts but free pizza here and there would be nice
Nemanja Dicic:because its too expensive
Pulak Agrawal: Simply awesome working place GOOGLE!!! 
Benjamin Britman:Hello Guys after watching this video.I am earning cash more than 2500$ 
injust 30 days, using SOCIALMEDIAMANAGER.ALLALLA.COM
Shimon Doodkin:google +2kg
Hans Stephen Tang ():Working at GOOGLE
one of the best places to work in the WORLD

http://youtu.be/z8wqS7VkAcw
Hans Stephen Tang ():Working at GOOGLE
one of the best places to work in the WORLD

http://youtu.be/z8wqS7VkAcw
Keanu Nurherbyanto:Wait till you see the raptor pit
abby wylow:My account is going mental with $130 to $240 per day. Checkout 
ONLINEJOBSFROMHOME.UPHERO.COM
angel mcleod:love google they really care for their workers
Davidude:when job is better than your home..

VIDEOID:teLe_6CzafE
Fabian Wajs:great list!
Keerat123310 Khalsa:Dead trigger 2
Muhammad Fateh:Can you make a tutorial how to play fifa 15 using the ps3 controller?
Muhammad Fateh:Does it require root for playing fifa 15 with the ps3 controller? I am 
using zenfone 4 and z1 Compact...
Gioacchino Gargiulo:The best Android games for your joypad!
Aaditya Bawkar:Can dualshock 4 controller be used in Samsung Galaxy S4, and what about 
Counterspy does that work on controllers. ? Nice video BTW.
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Joypad + Android = Dope.
Gioacchino Gargiulo:The best console-like games for your Note 4!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Not every Android game allows you to use a joypad: which are the best ones 
that do?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Looking for some cool games to play on your Android? Here's some that are 
also joypad-compatible!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Looking for some cool games to play on your Note 4? Here's some that are 
also joypad-compatible!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Joypad compatibility allows you for some next-level gaming on your Android: 
let's discover 5 games that support it!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Looking for some cool games to play on your Android? Here's some that are 
also joypad-compatible!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:The best console-like games for your Android!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Joypad + Android = Dope.
Gioacchino Gargiulo:The best console-like games for your Android!
The Nerd Herd:Which are the best Android games that support an external controller? 
#Android #Androidgames

VIDEOID:OPLMn7DF0j8
Cypher402:They did sell out lol.
La Porta D:What? They did sell. It was a huge deal and really public too lol. 
Good time holzy:Huge props for not selling.

VIDEOID:3lwU9deF8rw
nivek2223:I could definitely see this as being useful in helping kids learn. Just the 
idea of having kids *want* to spend an extended period of time looking 
at/interacting with cells is certainly a big plus.
Ote Mork:Nobody recording this noticed the bright light making slides partly 
invisible? 2nd video with this. I do appreciate these videos, but that 
bright light is not why.
ernest alcala:
Animesh Sharma:Tricking the gamer kids to explore Biology? I think he lost by 
showing the number crunching slide... by claiming the equivalence of 
electronics and biological-systems, the natural following question would 
be, why biology at all ;)

VIDEOID:gR88EZEXEQg
Christopher Pilcher:What kind of keyboard are you using? Sounds mechanical, but I don't hear a 
click. Cherry Browns?
Michael Jan's Music:Hey, I'm trying to get a Particle Effect, as I've seen in other videos. 
However, in the other videos there was a folder called "External Libraries" 
which you and I don't have. Any suggestions?
 4ever Pixelated :What will happen if we run the game on a phone that has a higher resolution 
than the one we specified? Would it be better to specify a larger 
height/width in the first place?
Mabaet:Hi B.A., I'm fairly new to this and I have a question. I understand that 
this Game States & Game State Manager is like the Screens from libGDX, 
right? Why didn't you use Screens instead? Is it bad or just preferences? 
Should I use this instead or what? What makes this better over the other?
Brent Aureli:Images and Source can be found at: https://github.com/BrentAureli/FlappyDemo

Nahro:Keep it up!
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:VSfBryuo2G8
SpegenSpelit:Try GeLi. It's a puzzle game I'm currently playing and one of my favorites. 
:)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zigur.dotlink.android
Roberto Gargiulo:If you're looking for new games for your device, this will definitely help.
Roberto Gargiulo:If you're looking for new games for your device, this will definitely help.
Roberto Gargiulo:Tired of Tower Defense or Action Games? 
Then these Puzzle Games are what you need. 
Roberto Gargiulo:Tired of Tower Defense or Action Games? 
Then these Puzzle Games are what you need. 
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Some of my favorite puzzle games!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Some good puzzle games suggestions!
The Nerd Herd:Time for some good ol' puzzle games!

VIDEOID:OLayCNOPWIo
xiN3OHDx:Damn. Loved the video. Wondering any tips for getting a job as a QA tester 
with absolutely no experience ? What should I start doing and putting on my 
resume.
Ricardo Filipe Pinto Verssimo Vicente:Oh man. This sounded like my job almost word by word. I am an Escalation 
Engineer for an American company that does Virtualization SW. Also worked 
as a Support Engineer for another big SW company we all know hehe. People 
don't know the half of it when it comes to my job. Whenever I go on 
Interviews I always have a hard time explaining hehe... They soon see the 
point once I join the company, really fast when things go south It is the 
engineer that is going to debug hehe... Windbg, Sysinternals SW are my best 
friends, my Suisse knife. I am used to work alongside developers, working 
out bugs also along with QA engineers that certify that the patch is ready 
to be deployed in a production environment. It is an awesome job and 
extremely underated. Thanks for this video man.
Joshua Culp:Hey Trendane, Thanks for these videos! I just got offered a QA tester 
position, and will be training in later this month. The knowledge from 
these videos really helped me in my interviews!

Appreciate your videos!
Kanru:This is saving me
Jo7Kr:thank god for these videos +Trendane Sparks you could have just helped me 
get a job!! thank you!
Sameer M:Wife walked in, she thought I was watching King of Queens.
CompasBaloni:So you are the playing some weeks before the date of realse reveal
crazo3077:Your video was actually very reassuring about my interest in video game 
testing. It actually helps characterize the research I've been doing quite 
well, and makes me confident that it is still something I am interested in 
pursuing, even if I end up finding that it isn't for me.
Matteo Barbero:For which company are you working :) ? and which games did you test ?
Phisk:*Very* good communicator. Thanks, Tren.
Alex Shakhov:very good video! thanks!
Ben Dover:I love this type of job but I'm not to sure about the pay.. Is a well 
paying job or would it be equivalent to a fast food restaurant?
kemble man:Maybe do a Q and A on the comments for these series for episode 4, great 
video also :)
xTeddlesking:This is perfect thanks for the series! I have just graduated with a 
Computer and Video games Degree and I am now looking for experience and 
this has enlightened me!
Nantchev:4:39 is best part!
ElephantsDontFly:Great guide! I spent most of this video nodding in agreement, lol. Nice to 
see a video explaining what testers like us ACTUALLY do.
Donovan Maeple:rubber duck vomit... i cracked up at that and had to pause the vid...
Mutnuts Dof:hello im doing a corss to get train to be a qa tester and iv been readin 
the book that the corss has given me and you video has help me so so mush i 
thank you so mush
CatGirl DN:Thanks for constructing an amazing video. I especially gained a better 
understanding about providing the bug details to put in a report. Atm I am 
a new QA Black-Box Tester (with thanks to a community program for young 
adults called Year Up) looking for a position. Only recently a recruiter 
has found for me a perfect fit for a Gaming Tester slot for children's 
video games.
2 things: #1 I love video games (Like Zelda, Mario, DDR, and Yu-Gi-Oh!). #2 
I'm kinda like a cousin to little kids whom I used to babysit for my 
neighbors.
As a kid, I had to choose between a Barbie playhouse, or a moving pirate 
ship (<<< I chose the ship lol)

VIDEOID:mJ8bRhAzyLE
Hey Jones345:Wow that intro amazing
Hey Jones345:Wow that intro amazing
Evo // Andrei P.:Rp?? :>
MissyMalika5:half a heart warrior
Coobqwer Minecraft:Hope you enjoyed playing the map I helped build :-) 
xMelee:Half a heart warrior and Congrats on 2k :)
ImStereoza [MCSG] [UHC] [PVP]:Bayside is my school but idk wether its based off of it or not its like 2nd 
biggest yard in north america something like that. im relising that people 
now know the where abouts of where i live...
judah wolfe:Half a heart warrior
Marcus Huynh:Half a heart warrior! :D im new to this channel and i think i will be 
staying for a while ! Nice videos voft!

Fqrt | MCSG and More!:Well you see, when a Voftable gets pissed or r3kts teams he goes all ogre 
mode on people and let's his fingers flow over the keyboard spelling the 
words, "HAHAHAHA! F*** you eZ keeds r3kt randie nubz!" Then he says bye bye 
to 3 hours of his social life xD
ZeroSeven Playz:I hate it when your playing so good in pvp,pls teach me! XD
#halfaheartwarrior
iParkerHD:Nice video man! I know you probably dont care but I cant even play minecraf 
PC version because my computer sucks and I'm glad that I can just watch 
your videos
Nick longhin:1 heart warrior!
Mister MCOping:Half a heart warrior 
:P
Drakemines5:I open 3 tiers 2 and each one that soup......... da frekain odds in that  

Comment of the day: One Heart Warrior
ImToxic21:I like the one called God's Fate or something, it's pretty cool :3
Matthew Collins:half a heart warior
Succ3ss360:Seemed like a Valleyside v3 to me lol
Luke Marrow:Heart warrior 
Blqnkspace - Minecraft & More:Half heart warrior =D

VIDEOID:B9Tbcg9ltrU
IMMentat:In terms of documentation even in cases where preservation will not be 
easy, video "documentation" if the base experience is also a highly 
valuable if under thought backup preservation method. 
IMMentat:Worry about getting the hard and software archived and backed up first. 
Worry about the authenticity of reenactment later. 

The current issue is that publishers and companies are beginning to 
consider the invocation of "copyright breach" to prevent third party 
archival of software despite providing no evidence of internal archive or 
preservation for that same software. 
Recent headlines include "emulation is piracy". 
Prexxuss:When a professor just read during the entire lecture it's sooo easy to fall 
asleep.
likeaRockNroll:Great. 

VIDEOID:ZhQl3sXpmiQ
Kuki Atama:WAWOT
Quang Le:wow amazing story telling.
We NeedChangeNOW TVP-TZM:I want to create a game Called The Market.
War,sick people, crime, thats how you earn money.
Example:I could choose to poison the fresh water you depend on to increase 
sells of my water bottle company,scarcity is good $$$$$
Sick people are also a boost to GDP,put poison in the food and items to 
maximize profits,buy stocks in cancer and sell pills,fuck a cure, cures are 
communists! enenys to FREEDUM!
We can have boss fights,you have to destroy the efficieny monster with 
clean energy and post scarcity abundance,we have  to save Capitalism from 
the most dark and evil communists ever exsisted!
Also war is a racket so you will have lots of things to shoot and 
kill...and steal...

More fear you spred the more guns and governments you can bribe.
The best game ever!

VIDEOID:24p1Mvx6KFg
Vladislav Zabinskij:Hello, Brent. I've only wrote 1 game in libgdx, so I don't get why don't 
you use class "Screen" and "Game" in your game. Is there any reason to use 
your conception of representation screens. Please answer, i need it.
J PJ:Good Video, but zoom in your camera dude
Leifaktor:Hey, thanks for your videos! One question: Why do we pass the delta time to 
the update method? Shouldn't game logic always be independent from the 
rendering? Maybe in a small game like this, it doesn't matter, but for 
larger projects, this could lead to non-deterministic behaviour. Especially 
for online games this could be a problem, no?
Brent Aureli:Images and Source can be found at: https://github.com/BrentAureli/FlappyDemo

Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:Xqs4DuDc51w
subliminalman:Super great talk! I love the playful thinking series! I'm excited to read 
her new book! I haven't read her character design book yet but I'll check 
it out! 
Dan Mell:fantastic, really inspiring talk. Thank you.
Lucus Kane:Video games might not be my field, but I hope there can be some overlap 
professionally in the future. Its a practical tool.

VIDEOID:uvV981bnbuk
Niki Piki:Best explanations I've seen in a LibGdx tutorials.Nice work!
Davide Stabelli:Thanks for your lessons.
I'm waiting for more videos!!
uragano novantasei:We need more tutorials!! We are hungry :Q__
Thanks for all what you are doing here!
Leifaktor:Great videos, thank you very much!
Random Tutorials:Keep making videos like this and you will blow. honestly. Its inevitable. 
Well done.
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:l2IPsPoV2-I
41sum182blink:Loving the series, I plan on sharing this with my friends when I finish. I 
do have a question though. If you look closely, you can see that when the 
game state changes to PlayState there seems to see a re-positioning going 
on - for example, you can see that the bird starts closer to the middle of 
the screen, then suddenly shoots backward a bit when it starts. Why does 
this happen?
xKaOtiicTtMagZx:Hey man! I just have a question, I followed the video and done the part as 
you said but I am running into a nullpointer exception at the line: 
 gsm.set(new PlayState(gsm));
Ali Lei:Hi dear friend,
At first thanks for this great video series. I think it should be the best 
one i've ever seen.
But i have a problem in creating rectangles.
While im giving the values of rectangle, it gives me an error because 
posTopTube.x and posTopTube.y are returning float values and the rectangle 
is expecting int values.. so i cast them as int like this ((int) 
posTopTube.x)..
What do you think it would work or not ?
Sorry for my english, i hope u can understand me :)
Oren Petrushka:once again a great tutorial.
I have two questions:
1) how many parts will this series have?
2) what will the next series be about?

plus I would like to mention that you made me curious about the other (and 
better?) method to check for collision.
Helderlinkinpark:and one more thing, do you will do a tutorial about sounds ? thanks!
Helderlinkinpark:I have a question, on play state ive done this:
if(tube.Collide(bird.getBounds())){
gsm.set(new MenuState(gsm));
dispose();
}

but the button to start didnt appear, can you give me some "light" about 
that ? :) thanks for your tutorial, really good :)
Nahro:Your github project is outdated :( can you update it so that it contains 
the code of this video?
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:D3oWpJrHqjA
Brent Aureli:Edward Lim, I cant reply directly to your message due to your Google+ 
privacy settings. I sent you a PM
Edward Lim:First of all thank you so much for these helpful videos, really appreciate 
the effort you put into it! Next question, when we "kill" the bird and when 
I attempt to gsm.set(new MenuState(gsm)) it appears that the camera cuts 
the width and height of the screen by 1/2. I attempted to fix it but to no 
avail do you know what that would be?
Nahro:In all the intros, you keep saying "the game, flappy birds", but it is 
actually flappy bird :3

But i love the series
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:NLTriRxzShQ
Peter Couture:Lol
Kevin Black:
trashboat:Haha pulls out and iphone
Andrew Smith:
Andrew Crump:
Dennis H:okay what in the world of f*** is this?
SirQuantization:I chuckled. this is so silly :P
Guerrilla Day Project:Of course the guy that's not wearing his uniform get's picked!
Luke L.:1 minute and 5 seconds of my life.. wasted
xXxMontezumaxXx:STUPID
Ricardo Chica Reino:Is it an insult? DISLIKE U GUYS!
MettaWorldChief:sorry:(
francesca cavallo:Just amazing!
alchemicrb:I'll judge who I want pussy. Mind your damn business before I troll you 
into submission.
MettaWorldChief:don't judge him...you faget
tiger7234:why is that a question?
alchemicrb:I think someone who spells the word "faggots", "fagets", deserves nothing 
in life.
TrulyDoofusFilms:*PLEASE THUMBS UP SO PEOPLE CAN SEE LATER* -Hey guys, I know you HATE spam 
comments but : - I love you. -If you're a subscriber with a pretty good vid 
that that is worthy of attention, I'll promote your video at the end of my 
video, so it will benefit your channel. I will do this all in gratitude for 
your efforts of subscribing. -watch this recent vid /watch?v=xNzSipM06XA - 
I love you. Help me help you and together we can make it "out there" on 
Youtube. Ravishingly yours, TrulyDoofusFilms 
Kyle McKinley:"I VUNTEER!!!!"
Sebastian CB:SHIT 

VIDEOID:Av9ze43lqGc
Wanyee Hui:its Friday of 15
Peter Benedetto:Hey Just a note for you guys, Maybe you guys can find a way to get a hold 
of them, Adult Swim's popular game Robot Unicorn Attack DOES NOT work on 
the Galaxy Nexus, or any other devices with 720p displays...which really 
disappoints me because it is such a great game! Is there any way you all 
can contact the Adult Swim Dev team because they dont respond to ANYTHING! 
It is really annoying...=_=
Peter Benedetto:Found it on my VZW Galaxy Nexus...
Bugside almighty:The Nexus 7 is tempting, but without the ability to add an SD card... I 
don't know. 16 Gigs sounds just not enough. The 8 Gigs version won't sell, 
at all, it's just for marketing purposes so they can say "it's just 200 
Dollars" but no one will buy it. Notice how other sellers than the Play 
store are just selling the 16.
Hiraghm:Typical modern mindset that prefers 50% more stuff to 50% off. 50% off, you 
get to pick what you spend the saved amount on (or not to spend it at all). 
But, 50% more, someone ELSE gets to pick what you get. And as we all know, 
someone else always knows better what you want and need than you do. Which 
is why we have the gov't we have today. 
Hiraghm:Does Dead Trigger come with a CD and printed manual? 
Hiraghm:I was considering getting a JXB s7100b tablet, til I saw that the Nexus 7 
was coming out, its specs, and price point. Now I'm saving (and hoping) to 
get a Nexus 7.
Sven Bergstrm:A cool review of a cool game on a cool show.
Pekka Kujansuu:Hey, thanks to +Ian Ni-Lewis and +Dan Galpin for such a positive review of 
Tiny Hawk on the Friday Game Review! I'm totally stoked! :)

Note: Video not embedded because I wanted to link 30 minutes into the video 
where the Tiny Hawk review is. That didn't seem to work with an embedded 
video.
Aaronage:I wonder if Jelly Bean will bring significant games performance 
improvements to my Tegra Poo Motorola Xoom. I feel mean picking on Tegra 2, 
but it was by far the most fail SoC from the dual-core Cortex A9 era. Why 
did they remove NEON, how did they manage to make such a mediocre GPU with 
all that GeForce pedigree, how did they manage to mess up video 
acceleration so badly etc. Baffling Great review as usual, nice to see the 
video glitches are fixed now :)
Android Developers:Trimming the lead in now. Currently starts at 2:27
spexbeanfarmer:its shipping? wheres my shipping number then :( 
Alaeddin Alhamoud:
Ayman Suleiman:Good show guys. Thanks!
Eric Cochran:Dang, now I'm getting super impatient for my Nexus 7 to ship. haha... :)
Eric Cochran:Perhaps the devs don't know how to use gamma layering via GIMP or similar 
programs... I dunno.
Yianni Mavrophilipos:first time watching, kind of cool
Steven Aers:i'm watching the show:p 
Steven Aers:its nice! 
Xoppa:Where is the link to the moderators queue?

VIDEOID:Gn0B92FVrzU
Pavel Manachin:Hi, +Brent Aureli! Can you make tutorial about "How to create a game like 
Candy Crush using LibGDX"?
Terry Rau:awesome work! I like your teaching technique. btw, did i miss the for loop 
for the render, in a previous video?
Helderlinkinpark:m8 on my project, playstate it running too fast, so ive solved removing *80 
ive replaced with this: cam.position.x = bird.getPosition().x;

worked for me, if someone have the same trouble can solve with that. And 
100 thousand of thanks for you tutorial!
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:8nOpTzvTmlU
ChronixMC:We got a runner ;)
MissyMalika5:we got a runner
EwardH227:Yo
NitroBunny101:We got a runner!!! And awesome vid!!! :D
Boyo 563:we got a runner
WalteyPlayz:WE'VE GOT A RUNNER
Game Boy:60fps plzzzz
EnderGreen:We got a runner!
Sam Thomson:We got a runner

Thrasos Charalambous:We got a runner ;D
AaronFX:Bish we gotta runner!!!
Paradox 3001:Oh yea we got a runner 
Paradox 3001:Use the rod more you'll get better at pvp 
IcyPenguinNinja:We've got a runner ;).
KuaisArts:we gots a runner y'all
HazHDGaming:WE GOT A RUNNER
#MARATHON LAD
UnderWaterRoarko:At 6:42 Run forest run! Btw We got a runner Plus a hunter :3
Venomix:We got a runner 
NewtonPlayzMC MotionDesigner:You killed meh friend ShotOnGoal why you do di i cri erytim ;-;
Mister MCOping:What just happened...
Your destiny? ,just Like Ash Ketchup? xD
You are a great example for 12 year old kids out there. :)

VIDEOID:0jKVis0bBYY
Mister MCOping:Oh shh nap :)
Drakemines5:The hacks in this vid doe o-o XD
NitroBunny101:Diamond booties 
Mister MCOping:Diamond Booty
RedPixul:100th ayyy
ZeroSeven Playz:Vof,I just realized that you almost sound like Rio (TheGuyOrDie),and nice 
combo!
Diamond booties!!!
IFallMinecraft :diamond booties
OnlineWinner:You turned Irish at 3:35. o,o
OnlineWinner:That bow is supa high def.: o
RsLongshot Gaming / Road to 100 subs! / MCSG:DIAMOND BOOTIES!
RsLongshot Gaming / Road to 100 subs! / MCSG:Hey voftable! Remember me I was in the game where you died at deathmatch 
because you randy teamed and then the teamer killed you? And in chat you 
said wtf! And I sponsored you cake :3
Polar Expression:"YOU KEPT ROLLING SNAKE EYES" xD can't get over the intro. Great video Ryan 
<3
The Swifty J (Swifty):Comment of the day should have been god combo, but diamond booties.......
Mix Design:Voftable those booties was diamondable xd im still bad at music and i learn 
on how to create awesome words xD
OpticGlare:Diamond Booty!
SpinningGamer | MCSG:Did you submit to any top 5 kill series?
Flash:THAT COMBO DOE XD
Jonathan Vidalez:Nice combo man.
ItsLucozade:Diamond booties!
Dekyy:ur intro is hawt

VIDEOID:i5cA40-1G_I
jegan u:The Friday Game Review is getting read to kick-off!

Join us in just a couple more minutes.
Michael Hantler:b3rkut thanks for the comment I didn't get a chance to clarify it on the 
youtube channel. Also the main point of the game was to bring attention to 
rocket attacks consuming the Negev region in Israel, but the idea of some 
kind of game or app for helping residents prepare for missile attacks may 
be an even better idea. Thank you Ian and Alex for the comments and 
inspirations.
b3rkut:Negev Defense is from Israel, hence the rockets.
Edge Infoways:The Friday Game Review is getting read to kick-off!

Join us in just a couple more minutes.
nikolass83gianni:AWESOME ...thanks for video ... 8)
ruuhkis:Nigga please, PayPal offers API for this
Bugside almighty:How can you review games without ever having finished a SINGLE final 
fantasy? HERESY!
Redouane Lahloul:
marioabr:Guys, don't take it by wrong way, but oh you're so boring!!
Peter Benedetto:@AndroidBugler That shouldn't be an issue, especially for me!
adir mugrabi:i there any way to buy the little android you have on the back there???
Cathy Candano::)
c0l333:nobody in the whole world shoud have to drink beer out off cups 
samuel bazaga:The Friday Game Review is getting read to kick-off!

Join us in just a couple more minutes.
linux syria:The Friday Game Review is getting read to kick-off!

Join us in just a couple more minutes.
nino210:Those clip in mics are horrible. Way too much noise when you guys are 
moving around and Ian has that towel rubbing on it constantly. Seems like 
recording with a basic web cam(using the on camera mic) would be better. 
I'm sure you guys have your reasons though. It might just be me too since 
I'm watching with headphones on. 
AndroidBugler:You'll need to start off by getting at least a master's degree in Computer 
Science. 
Peter Benedetto:You guys are hilarious...this is coming from a 16 year old (and a major 
android nerd) But this is what seriously separates you all from apple and 
the iSheep, android has been able to create a more human presence that I 
love, so much that Google has practically convinced me to go on a career 
path work for Google/android...in other word got any positions for a 16 
(turning 17) year old Android geek? xD
Karla Gonzlez:The Friday Game Review is getting read to kick-off!

Join us in just a couple more minutes.
Alexander Lucas:2:50 is the spit take when it&#39;s discussed that I&#39;m drinking coffee beans that have been through the dietary tract of a civet cat.  Thank god for towel day.

VIDEOID:qvPY3_bBfZM
John Verdon:Movie intro: "In a world where..."  brutal "just trying to keep the place 
open" funding struggles, impossible "teach to the test", pointless "skill 
and drill" imperatives, "just needing to stop them wrecking the place or 
harming each other" steps The Game Based Learning Experimenter, and maybe, 
just maybe...
Peter Friedman:'Movie intro'? "In a world where..."  brutal "just trying to keep the place 
open" funding struggles, impossible "teach to the test", pointless "skill 
and drill" imperatives, "just needing to stop them wrecking the place or 
harming each other" steps The Game Based Learning Experimenter, and maybe, 
just maybe...
Bart Bols:Goddamnit, zynga games ... the guys and gals responsible for the massive 
explosion of shit facebook games and coining the term "when you dont 
squeeze your playerbase for every dime they are willing to give, you are 
leaving money on the table"
We NeedChangeNOW TVP-TZM:Minecraft & Space Engineers <3

VIDEOID:4XpwQj0kum0
NitroBunny101:Fishing Rod!!
OnlineWinner:Fishing Rod.;'D

mrmagic251:What is your ping to mcsg us & ca?
Lotus:Fishing rod <3
Boyo 563:Fishing Rod!
Chris Lytal:Fishing rod
MrWreck less:Fishing Rod
ZeroSeven Playz:fishing rod
:)
GotPing?:fishing rod
Sundaze:Fishing rod ;D
Rusok:That intro is so awesome!
IloveJelly CosmicPVP #LovinJelly:#FishingRod keep up the good work and start doing this more lol I watch all 
the way #Voft2K
SpinningGamer | MCSG:Good episode man! I am very excited for tomorrow!
Mister Mittens:fishing rod
Flash:Nice one Voftable!
SkillAura Road to 200 Subs YT:Fishing rod 
Theguyordie:I feel a nooice SpeedUHC collab coming soon ;)

FISHING ROD ROD RODDD
NoHacksJustPing:Yesterday you said tomorrow JUST DO IT





if I were you I'd pay 2-5$ for a windscreen on eBay(idk lol I heard you use 
a sock?) xd
ZyskoMC:Hope you had fun on your vacay Vofty! Much Love
Johnfena:Fishing rod

VIDEOID:ZwsDFqVlppg
WalteyPlayz:Pop filter
KGaming:POP FILTER FTW 
Pizi:Pop Filter!!!!! Sorry im late i was on vacation ;-; xd
IcyFlames YouTube (GFX Gamer):You want a Intro entry for da #pop filter (if I don't suck to much at it)
Lotus:Voftable I love your pop filter <3
ScHoUl3:Voftable has the MLG strats. Can't deny.
NitroBunny101:Popfilter
Chris Lytal:Popfilter!
ZeroSeven Playz:pop filter
:)
callmeWeedy:kvnplays said demons bweeze
Joshua Watts:plzzz
Joshua Watts:skywas
Spatts:Pop filter :) BTW the broken subboxes are pissing me off xD
inatios:Poop filter. 
IloveJelly CosmicPVP #LovinJelly:Pop filter.. What da fudge is dat..
Drakemines5:The skill in this :O 
Pop Filter lol I wanna see the difference doe 
Love the video man and if your gonna do skywars you should totally do with 
friends
Dzony Designs:+Voftable I have some nice ideas working out with my friend for your your 
channel if your interested in hearing them message me here :) 
https://www.facebook.com/DzoniFX
Polar Expression:POP FILTER!!! :) love your vids Voft <3
DrShimato | The MLG Gamer:Pretty good first impression!
SpinningGamer | MCSG:luv u

VIDEOID:F_Q9uLA7yzw
ILikePizza555:Couldn't you have used Screen instead of making your own state class? Seems 
like that would be a bit easier to use.
Brent Aureli:Images and Source can be found:
https://github.com/BrentAureli/FlappyDemo
sadelbrid:Great content man, keep it up!
Julien Itard:Great video ! Would be greater if you could share us the images
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:izByimQ_yYY
JetroHD:Noice
sambosztech | MCSG & More:Ryan we need to get a recording
Paralyzing | MCSG:Nice Voft <3
OpticGlare:SNEAK ATTACK MUDDA FUGGA!!! <3
OpticGlare:WHooo im back on this amazing channel voftable! glad to see you are 
continuing to post amazing content
WalteyPlayz:Sneak attack!!!!!
Xolress:SNEAK ATTACO
ZeroSeven Playz:Dem #SneakAttacks  tho!!
Red3yeGaming:Sneak attack
Boyo 563:sneak attack
Lewan:Snek atick
Ezentrix:The sneak attacks are always real with Voftable xD
judah wolfe:Sneak attack
CactusPlayz:The hacker had no knock back also
CactusPlayz:Sneak Attack!
Drakemines5:I have to try like 20 times D: lel 
Sneak Attack ;) 
and god screw bow spamers they need to go play more UHC and take it out 
there lel
SuppCraft:That intro is amazing.
AndrewGZ:Gotta love the teams and had xD
Rainbowmoney:Getting your pvp skillz up and running? What Skillz? Nah jk i luvs you Voft
Sneak Attack for days 10Hearted
EnderGreen:Sneak attack!

VIDEOID:ZFFcXlENdXo
Edward Lim:Awesome stuff! Keep up the good work!
Davide Stabelli:Thanks for the video! We are learning a lot about libgdx.
Waiting for more!
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:3AZNLeBv1g8
 :how do we know dt value?
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:fmkeYynGCuM
Oren Petrushka:Hi Brent
The explanation of how to dispose resources was very clear, however I 
didn't fully understand why it is necessary. Isn't it the java garbage 
collector job to take care of these sort of things?
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:v-1VcvG70vk
billbb:right on

VIDEOID:H1tPwMuhnIE
Blither Paladin:I havent played most of these, but gonna try some of them.
Brydo0:Nice list! Couple listed I haven't played which I'll definitely give a look 
in the new year :) - Bryden

VIDEOID:r9XuoyfZLPE
ROB YSF:thought it was going to be a video on solving lag. the hell did I make a 
cup of coffee for this

VIDEOID:ECQEe8YM5qs

VIDEOID:zdBLaQWQw4k

VIDEOID:5UOzIQc4Gv4
ashampooque:You should've included the games reviewed in the description of the video, 
at least the titles!. That would make it a lot easier for others. And 
there's too much nonsense talk at the beginning.
JonaZLove:ducking games
wendy DAVIES:text'''''
 :The Friday Review of Games is starting now in 720 HD!
Salvatore Barrile (MeGuinness):
droidnutt1130:I love this show you guys are doing now, please don't shorten the show,i 
love the lenghth of it the way it is.If someone don't want to watch the 
whole thing they can move the little slider keep the shows coming,oh and 
great job guys,google lover for life.
Jost Schwider:Please give an overview in the textual description. I don't like to scan 
the whole video only to find out that there is no interesting content.
Reto Meier:If you like The Friday App Review, you&#39;ll love The Friday Game Review with <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/109486821799932251955" oid="109486821799932251955">Ian Ni-Lewis</a></span> and <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/105593270217665985575" oid="105593270217665985575">Dan Galpin</a></span> :)
Ian Ni-Lewis:Check out this week's Android Friday Game review! +Dan Galpin and I review 
six games, all suggested by viewers. This week marks our first HD 
episode--we are now in beautiful 720p!
eliseo campos:i stoped playing this when noticed that this was 55 minutes long...
adir mugrabi:6:10 NO!!! stop putting it on top! putting the keys on the top makes them 
hard to reach and ugly! all the keys should be at the bottom since that is 
where we hold the phone/tab! at e top should only be the information and 
things you rarely use!
moochincrawdad:"Happy Friday", there's always a drinking occasion!
gucciaddict:This is way too long... O_o
Graigoree Jones:The Friday Review of Games is starting now in 720 HD!
Hiraghm:I miss the Computer Chronicles *sigh*
Cody Oss:Thank you for the better quality! The show is now worth watching on youtube!
Nivk:Hate bugs.
xBugs xBugs:thanks it was very helpful, we will update it soon :) 
Adriano A. de Souza:The Friday Review of Games is starting now in 720 HD!
Kuba Best:

VIDEOID:cw1x6BbB780
That1Guy:It was removed because they leaked Google Drive
:
Jiun-yoa Lai ():
Android Developers:Technical issues -- will be available again ASAP.
Fe lix:lulz 
ItsAJoshProduction:alcoholics..
ItsAJoshProduction:Shout out my name if this is live!!!
ItsAJoshProduction:Hi
Rod Hyde:Neil Rajah is excellent. So playable. Congrats to Ziggy's games.
atylacerqueira99:^^
Yaniv Kaplan:hey 
Pedro Ezequiel:big peat =)
Pedro Ezequiel:only giving just pass .... but really cool channel ... hug android is the 
power
ORLANDOs25:nice

VIDEOID:i5v-E5rwPYA
:One of your hr contacted me before, when they showed me your app, I refused 
the interview immediately. Because your app sucks! You just built something 
nobody want. I'm just wondering how the heck did you raise that much money. 
Let's see how you run out of your fund.
ChatGame No.1:
Alisa cai:amazing!  I like it!
Alisa cai:interesting!
ChatGame No.1:Hello everyone, this is the latest video about ChatGame , you can find it 
in youtube, hope you like it.

VIDEOID:2IfJzPXmzZI
Brick Tamland:hope someone can develop a way to flash this over the ouya software.
Diasozo Tyrannos:The interface looks very fluid and user friendly. I'm excited for this! I 
wonder if this will be for set top boxes only or if you can load it on 
tablets and use a controller also.

VIDEOID:rzBVTPaUUDg
Wastin Myfreetime:if u have downloaded the andriod studio and cant find your sdk folder it 
will be probalby here : C:\Users\username\AppData\Local\Android\sdk , i 
just wrote this to here since i didn't hear/see anyone saying/writing this 
stuff around youtube and then the rest are wondering where is my sdk folder
Bahamut Lagoon:How long have you been programming for?

ilam buduri:it is not working for me it gives me pain in the ass
Harun Akdoan:You're talking very clear, thanks for this nice tutorial series.
Brent Aureli:Images and Source can be found at: https://github.com/BrentAureli/FlappyDemo

David Novosartov:amazing video, very easy to follow thanks
David Novosartov:Can you use Xcode?
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:fGtN8Zug0Kg
Spectex  I:Keep It Up Dude! +1Sub +1like And Your A Good Youtuber Because you reply to 
your fans comment Dude Seriously Keep It Up Man!
Koalaties:Bounties only got those points when he killed me. I had a million points of 
bounty then. He's lost almost all of it. xD
Frosty :Asking to 1v1 a two team says k does it for 1/2 half secs switches kill 
yous burns PC
Lewan:Hey Voftable, do you know where Kally is?
Original Name  The AWP Master  Mostly CS:GO:46th like. Passed goal
Polar Expression:Nuuuuuuuu not another bweak ;-; I can't stand not watching my favorite 
youtuber <3 bye for a week 

(P.S please get those prerecordings :D )
LUMPYCAVEMAN '_':can some one record with me plz
Mooseh:Have a good one chap!
TheGamingJess:Could u add a quick video telling us when your streaming? I always miss 
them on twitch :( coze I don't know how to turn your notifications on. 
IloveJelly CosmicPVP #LovinJelly:NO! Don't leave pls
SpinningGamer | MCSG:So close to 50! You've come a long way!
KmanLegends:Will miss you! <3
Abdulkabeer Khan:LOL XD AWESOME!!
Profiles :Sweg m9
FireDog FTB:Have a great time dude!Btw you threw out a iron chest plate earlier in the 
game ;-;
FriendlyFossa:Have fun on vacation Voft (:
Theguyordie:Cheecky!
Drakemines5:A week without Voft I cri 

Have a great time doe!
Succ3ss360:Gonna miss you. Already crying bout yo rite now. :( :( :( :(
TheGamingJess:How are you  so good at pvp? xD

VIDEOID:4OXQVKvxybo
iSingular:How many ping do you have?
IloveJelly CosmicPVP #LovinJelly:#45Like!!
IloveJelly CosmicPVP #LovinJelly:Lol love your videos just earned a sub. And a lot of likes. :P I'm gonna go 
watch all ur vids xD
TheDiamondHit:Good video :D
Emir Ekenel:GG 10+1 :)
xZulptic:Cheeky
cheizs:Asjeblief = asked Leuven = leave 
cheizs:Asjeblief = asked :)
cheizs:In The stream i asjeblieft if u wanted to sub me altough i am dutch and got 
a dutch channel u Said when u Leuven a comment under Some of my vids i will 
maybe check it out :) ( sorry for asking for subs in The stream uh ! ) 
still love your channel ! <3 ! See yah ( dutch Guy ) 
SpinningGamer | MCSG:That team of 2 kept trying to block hit and stuff, and you rekt them! Great 
episode
OpticGlare:I definately agree with streaming instead of videos somedays m8. Your 
streams are very very enjoyable and you will attract new crowds from 
streaming ;). Plus im sure it feels awesome having a pack of people (myself 
included) behind you and defending you.
OpticGlare:Dat banner though! Thats awesome Man! Anyways awesome video, many OP kills 
there. btw this is aggamer 07 again
FireDog FTB:Lmao I had Jim Yosef-Firefly downloaded before I watched this awesome 
video.Wait did I mention that this video was awesome?Oh Ye I did <3
Abdulkabeer Khan:LOL XD AWESOME!!
Original Name  The AWP Master  Mostly CS:GO:Just found your channel and this is an amazing channel. You are gonna be at 
at least 500k one day.
Polar Expression:Harry? HARRY!!!!!! OMG FANGIRLYNESS ACTIVATED 


 great video Ryan LOVE the banner 
This Channel Is Dead:Is this your first ever channel or have you done revamps before?
Drakemines5:Wait Harry didn't Zane leave and Harry is playing minecraft now O_O I guess 
you can say that there going different directions lol (Now kill Justin 
Bieber for us =D) 

The confusion was real with the janitors
Hersh Ketkar:Nice new channel art!
BeastGames:love the banner effects ryan

VIDEOID:6QQAzhwalPI
Uros Perisic:Nice!
If you're beginnig iphone game development you should google  Grathaw app 
profit expert. It's great!
Talal Bin Ghizal Qureshi:

VIDEOID:DTxkOWyE1eg
dynamicxo:Informative show
Sinbad B:loose the booze.
Robin Vandour:ohzemgee...I want that hat
Croutonlol:Thumbs up 
Pimpmac:im new to this ... 
gazi osman hancer:good 
gazi osman hancer:hi 
gazi osman hancer:hi 
Leif Sikorski:
DMDesigns:Do you got PS3? First time I see you guys

VIDEOID:AmOgvQSvAtM

VIDEOID:eQuhwTZ75Y8

VIDEOID:_bRKNLBes54
TheKingMeow:Yea
liltilone3232:U have Skype..? I do to
liltilone3232:Lol
Princess Catherine:Omg me

VIDEOID:TJoO0szDsPo
liltilone3232:Lol love it
TheKingMeow:Fraps
Kingdom Games - Minecraft:What do you use to record?


VIDEOID:cQA-wvGutl0

VIDEOID:IcQFY56TkKg

VIDEOID:izm6mFe9AKM
BlackOrc:Hi!
BlackOrcHD:Hi
OferSurfup:

VIDEOID:XCPq--q862o

VIDEOID:V34LEsdSO0A
Dayana Rodriguez:

VIDEOID:Fji14WbYgFU

VIDEOID:9z3swK4mMhc

VIDEOID:GdH9dtJf1Gc

VIDEOID:ipzR9bhei_o
twopercent:10 years later, still a favourite.
brigitte please look:did bach this witch only two hands?!
Walter TheOneWhoKnocks White:Who else's favorite part is the chord progression right after 1:34 ? It's 
just so beautiful, dark, and powerful all at the same time!
Nathan Sornsovan:Who played it
Gianmario B:1:18 - 1:32 
Muse - The Handler, guitar solo
melwin andersson:All 13 years old be like "OMG im only 13 and i like this im so Weird and 
unique"
Cecilie Evans:Sorry, This is hot.  Not sweet  Shows the keyboard fluctuations.
Cecilie Evans:I grew up on Bach  Mother studied at a conservatory  Thank you for this. 
 Very Sweet.
LE DUEL UNIPOLAIRE:merci pour cette musique imagee thank you very much.
John Sheridan:litterally heart touching.......
Andrs Marn:I love the Atari grafx
Freddy Fazbear (Freddy and the gang):It feels like it doesn't matter what part of the song I am on, there is 
always something unique that hasn't been played before.
Holbeinisscheisse:the part starting from 8:05 touched my heart
phoenixfirex:My favorite part is from 2:50 to 3:30
Dhritiman Sen:could you please show bar divisions? hehe
Frank Krey:Was mich mal brennend interessieren wrde - wenn man alles in 1 und 0 
umstellt und dann bersetzt - ws kommt bei raus ???
Rose Caviglia:I cant amajin creating this piece. Go Bach!!!
Nihad Rustem:2.019 dislike why?
Ace Jhon Williams:Oh god how this takes me back in time.. I remember us my orchestra playing 
this! I was first violin! And we took a whole month to get it perfect XD
Tyler Zickafoose:I remembered hearing this on Fantasia and every time I hear this,my mind 
goes straight to the visuals from Fantasia.

VIDEOID:S-T8kcSRLL0
MothaFxck:I like this guy. :) Good heart, doing it for the right reasons.
MothaFxck:7:18 sounds like the instrument used for the hook on Jack U's "Where Are U 
Now" song.
re ne:if you pause on 0:42 his face is hilarious :)
Poisonous Kitty:I loved the drone sound O.O<3
Jackie M:What a waste.
Andrew Elie:@Jon Paul the Theremin? I think that's it

Btw, DON'T GET YOUR POP CULTURE FROM BIG BANG THEORY
Kim Runic:Great presentation but I wouldn't actually listen to any of that
Adela-Adriana Moscu:AMAZING ! 
AS-PC:Music with computer sounds #Tedx  +Ge Wang 
Krom Geo:holy shite *&^
green robot:this would have been better if it had more info on sythesizers or chiptunes 
..seems more like a marketing plan for his laptop band instead of an 
educational talk
Alex Paulsen:Computer music, because sometimes my computer gets bored doing it's every 
day tasks and needs a soundtrack to help it get through an otherwise 
tedious day.
Richard Brewster:THIS is computer music: Ge Wang at TEDxStanford: http://youtu.be/S-T8kcSRLL0

:Nice!! :D
Jon Paul:wow would be great for tai chi masters,sound to there movements
Francisco Barreto:
TheSabatuer:IS the ocarina app available for driods ?
soulreaper6661:Excellent talk  amazing work done .
Kim David:I've been using smile for the longest time now
Victor Nganguem:j'aime a

VIDEOID:D--OL22ymxc
Davit Engibaryan:Shat lavna inch kapuni incherena karevor@ vor havesov. Lsvuma
armen manukyan:erg@ nkari het kap chuni
Aghas Avagyan:......    ???   ,   
      ???
Tatev Vanyan:Tatevik
Anna Xachatryan:Hunakan lav music: https://youtu.be/D--OL22ymxc
Don R:sa  hunakan  chi  
arshak  balyan :Esi ruminakan yerqa
Ester Avagyan:Hunakan lav music: http://youtu.be/D--OL22ymxc
offlong:who sings their names
Eddie Gevorkjan:this is romanian...
ARM ASALA:RUMINERENA 
ARM ASALA:ES ERG@ OVA ERGUM VONC MP3 GTNEM
saho vartashenci:Esi hunakan chi
Mihran Kalaydjian:beautiful song!
NOXCHO 95:super
Valentin Lusararyan:SUPER
Rom N:Ruminakan erg e sa
Vahan Ghukasyan:es Moldovakane 
Sona Manukyan:
chorni grig:et erg@ ruminakana u shat lav erga

VIDEOID:BfyRF2qQoBE

VIDEOID:QHTqilI_uzw
Virtual Sheet Music:To Luficarius Ratspeed that posted 9 months ago the comment below: yes, we 
are working such a technology... stay tuned!
Basia Krol:Yea that's nice but i wondered if i could use this for macbook air?
Ann Martindale:This ts So cool.  I play the Bb Clarinet which; like the piano, is played 
using both hands.  This nifty little gizmo would  make it possible for me 
to play a piece straight through, without the need to pause periodically to 
turn the pages.  It would also give me an incentive to use my i-pad more. 
 (As if I don't use it enough already.)  And Best of all No More Paper 
Cuts!
Luficarius Ratspeed:Have you ever thought about having the application use the microphone on 
the device to listen in on your playing and turn the music automatically 
based on the matching notes you play?

VIDEOID:z5L1PGMW0ws
C H R i S T i N E K.:
Carly 858:It should be more popular! Love it! 
sarah maged:
jetset aircraft worldwide manufacture:Regardez cette vido sur YouTube :
Priscila Backes:Perfeito
Bankutsu Uzumaki:Hellz yea! This beat is the shit!
Vince Maximous:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5L1PGMW0ws
sarah maged:
sarah maged:
Veronique428:It is Leftside/ Mr Evil ft Sean Paul...DAMN IT!!! 
Robert Morales:thas good......make something.....latin american mix.....and come back no. 
1
Camile Lima:
Brandon Llewellyn:I'm so glad they reuploaded this song
lucia voronovschi:    YouTube:
Reshma Patel:
B Ramos:Leftside feat. Sean Paul - Back it Up (Official M: 
http://youtu.be/z5L1PGMW0ws
Celalettin klc:ilk turkce yorum herhalde
Georgi Georgiev:Old Sean Paul is back!!! FINALLY! :-)
Allecta Alves:This song is freaking dope and the dancers too!!! Luv it!!! 
Armando Cruz Flores:Great sound! 

VIDEOID:RjpG8vE4XCQ

VIDEOID:Nc_92bI3MFE
Mike Fowler:Beautiful piece of music Doug, and such a nice guitar. 

ThinkingDog06:Beautiful song beautifully played -- very bright, rich sound on top of it 
all.  Hoping you have a great holiday and New Year!  Best, TD
Candy Lester:As always, beautifully done Doug...   Best of the Season to you!
Chris Wolf:Very nice!
Preston Dorlig:Lovely song, performance and instrument! 
I imagine it would be inspirational to play.
Al Owens (Guitarist):Very very nice Doug. Sweet tone.
allen
MrPCT57:Really enjoyed this Doug. As Staffan says it is an intriguing guitar and 
also a beautiful looking instrument. Lovely new tune too - what a treat!!
Regards, Phil
Gerrit Vanoppen:I love the way the strings are in an almost straight line onto their tuning 
pegs.
What an inspiring instrument this must be to play.
Lovely tune Doug!
CampEFAH:Doug:  What a beautiful piece of music, thanks so much for sharing that.  
Is that the same Instrument you had up at the IGC earlier this year?  I 
really wanted to hear it, but we just never got around to it.  What are the 
tone woods?  The top has some interesting grain. 
Staffan Svahn:Beautiful tune on a very intriguing guitar.
Thank you for posting this gem.
Best wishes

VIDEOID:d2beFiGjn-0
Emil Olsson:disturbing

VIDEOID:6R9rgqiDWw4
Muhteem Sleyman:
dorukhanus .:iyi cover yiit ;)
pepito perez:El enlace para descarga est en la descripcin del vdeo 
Adam Derhy:Tabs!!
TheMatejic:extra. in serbia we like it :D
Doan Can tak:brilliant
Pops jones:i love it

VIDEOID:MwynMBn3-B0

VIDEOID:Z1E5U0aAWLw
ccrmalite1:that's all folks! thanks for coming!
Thomas Rossing:Audio and video are fine.
Tim Thompson:Such a great way to be able to experience things remotely. Thanks for 
manipulating the camera!
ccrmalite1:there's a program listing in the video description
ccrmalite1:thanks, tim!
Tim Thompson:Ooops, I mean see/hear fine.
Tim Thompson:I can see/here fine.
ccrmalite1:Is the audio/video ok?
Victoria Flores:sweet!
ccrmalite1:Thanks for coming! We'll be starting in a few minutes
ccrmalite1:Hi Folks - welcome to SLOrktastic Chamber Music!\

VIDEOID:_hZZiNr5mOs
EDSON SANTOS:ok..!!
Belfqih Amine:
Rap Fan:Hey Sean Paul please make music like 2002 this was the best music from you 
(get busy like glue and im still in love) please make again music like this 
.


Thank you !! BIG UP SEAN PAUL
Kiera Jessica Marchant:This should have soooo many more views!! <3
MC Alsvid:SEAN PAUL AUN RECUERDO CUANDO ERAS SUPREMA MENTE GENIAL AQUELLOS TIEMPOS 
DONDE TU MUSICA ERA EXELENTE PERDISTE EL CAMINO... Y ESE NUEVO LOOK NO ME 
GUSTA Y AL PARECER A MUCHOS TAMPOCO :/ REGRESA A TU VIEJO ESTILO QUE ES EL 
MEJOR UN SALUDO DESDE COLOMBIA PAZ!
Angel 777:yessss 
Angel :nice song ~
Enes Dolovac:whoa so freakin good song <3
Alejandro Moreno R.:To the fans who've stuck around from the beginning, a MASSIVE THANKS and to 
those who have recently discovered my music, I hope you enjoy.
PAWIOCELOT:saw this already admire the diversity for making the people of Japan belong 
in your music bless
Paulina Ku: great* super song
Kus Wasf:Sean Paul
Exclusive
Enjoy

.
fola ara:toooooooooooooop 
anne-sophie Ducro:To the fans who've stuck around from the beginning, a MASSIVE THANKS and to 
those who have recently discovered my music, I hope you enjoy.
Jamaicansoldier:
Andrea Hernandez Crispin:Primeroooooo, me encanta
Sean Paul:To the fans who've stuck around from the beginning, a MASSIVE THANKS and to 
those who have recently discovered my music, I hope you enjoy.

VIDEOID:BKPXwB-tjU4

VIDEOID:kXDhvVFb3yQ
Akram Abdelghani:Ok whoever wrote that music in the first half is amazing .  Where can I 
find the artist

VIDEOID:ejOSbiIieXw
Abdou Sefiani:So this is the guy that was in that song with Rihanna a long time.
red bee:this song makes me feel sad in a weird way
Garga Games:ooooooooooooo foddda
Kalle Krppel:Dem flame throwers XDDD
Claudia Enzinger:I love it!
MANEL MANEL:2015  what a nostalgia 
Sun K:This was the sooonngggggg....lovvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeee it.
Cleopatra Okumu:
Stefan Zeulner:good flow
Saeed TheUnique:midnight club 3 ,,damn it
Stefan Zeulner:woow
Emilio Ortuo:
Emilio Ortuo:
BlackWhiteProduction:that moment when you don't understand anything he says but his songs are 
just the best
alvaro rios:su mejor tema digo yo exelent.

Chico Mendez:Bare Riddim .......still..
cazeau vilcius:
:Every time I hear this shit I instantly remember everything from 2003.
vIMONST3RIv:ten years later and I still have no fucking idea what hes saying
Emmanuel Kalu:Thats jamaicaman black power Cme on for life.

VIDEOID:QrfeCADF-rQ
doha5634:That RK sounds dope!  If you don't mind, what model of Infinity speaker is 
that?  I have CVO Road King and I'm thinking of upgrading the system on it.
zuluprime:Nice... I need that... Dope

VIDEOID:nFMgHfUhUTo
Oleg Kulikov:It needs a larger chapel 
Daniel PI:What a joke, so Standford University shows as a great achievement a 
renaissance chorus spiced up with a screen displaying cheap graphical 
plugins...fantastic. Just two more things: 1 placement, the genius and 
superbly payed conductor (thx to the super high tuition fess in America) 
might consider spreading the chorus a little bit for the next time, sounds 
better, 2 for the next performance, bring some heavy metal, Monteverdi with 
Alice Cooper is so patant...lol
gyarreto:Finally some real music

VIDEOID:48rlLS5u6Og
moeblisss12:Man that sounds good
BlackInc MoneyBoys:how u get them barz to fit
big patmo:Salute to both of y'all!

VIDEOID:eON11L1KWYA
Drone Girl:Excellent job! Thumbs up, love the music! :)
Luigi Ventitreesimo:good jobs ;)

VIDEOID:p3IzoqGGGOc
EDSON SANTOS:ok..!!
sarah maged:
carole grenier:plagia total,madona
Me Zy:Sweeeeet.... 
King Conrad:Big up Hollow Point!
dannis amuma:always hit after the other
Aid Marwa:i really like it sean paul you're the best
juancho juanchito:hola como estan, quiero pedirle disculpas a SEAN PAUL y a los suscriptores 
, pues quiero que conoscan mi canal y me apoyen en lo que hago les 
agradeceria muchisimo, mi canal es de entretenimeiento espero que les guste 
y pido disculpas de nuevo, gracias a k les dejo el link gracias 
https://www.youtube.com/user/juancarlosoviedomora
Marrs siano:+Sean Paul  sempre il migliore !!!
CROW BACK:awesome !!!
Sp the best
Sean Paul:Sean Paul - Material Riddim Medley (Official Music Video)

VIDEOID:dDW8QQWzZyU
TheLatiosnlatias02:May peace between Jews and Muslims ensured. That also inspired me.
climatixseuche:are you guys drunk? muslims are unable to live in peace, this may work for 
a short term but their religion demands that all others have to convert or 
they need to be killed ... there is NO moderate version of islam, islam has 
also no matthew psalm like "give back to caesar what is caesars and give to 
god what is gods" please stop try to sell islam as something good, islam is 
the root of all evil and one should take a stance against it you can't make 
it better by invite people with a lunatic world view in your backyard
Kent Nauman:Walid Shoebat was a PLO terrorist who converted to Christianity.  He has 
spent his life teaching about Islam including YouTube videos and the book 
"God's War on Terrorism"  Also if you do a word search on "Islam canibal" 
you will find that the Koran gives permission to kill and eat unbelievers 
without asking for government permission first.
iba diop:Wow I should go here . If the acceptance rate isn't at 2 percent by the 
time I'm 18
Rich Gold:Delicious Peace: Coffee, Music and Jewish, Muslim and Christian Harmony 
...: http://youtu.be/dDW8QQWzZyU via @YouTube
evildevinity:More like this please.

VIDEOID:B2CWJbLgPiY
:
Artsmesh:

VIDEOID:JMDzPlprRqg
EDSON SANTOS:ok..!!
Lady MacBeth (Jane):
Nicole SweetNikki Love:Sean Paul feat. Spragga Benz - Call Up On Jah Jah: 
http://youtu.be/JMDzPlprRqg
eiga 3000:es la primera cancion q no me gusta d sean paul, porque las demas me gustan 
todas
eiga 3000:la musica es d roll wid di don o como se escriba no?
fola ara:ho wang wa hhhhhhhhhhhhhh sean 
Remedy Live:Yo Sean, that tune is fyah! Keep up the good work King. Bless
Pascal. Leury:@ll@hD@ncehall...
Maya Tayachu S.p:Wow :)
lizzy AfricanQueen:
Aneta Nurek:wow This song is AMAZING !
Sean Paul:Sean Paul feat. Spragga Benz - Call Up On Jah Jah (Official Music Video)

VIDEOID:MqN_bGQpphs

VIDEOID:_d84qIPLkt4
eraj khan:shuuu rap what yu sand u only get za mooney shuu not black
BeastyGuy Gaming:Dam u good bro
Remmber._.when:Dayum where u at now?!
Faraz:good shit
Weronika Rzepka:
GweENxGoBWiN:This iz real..
ali mohamd:Yeah man cool bbs Abu batata
zainab hussain:Woah 
Mohammad Al-Fatlawi:Damn this was good as fuck
xyoubzx:man your good in this shit , keep it up 
Farhad Ghahremani:You should be a full time rapper
geminifalls:cool guys
mkallon 6:cool vid guys :)
djaymed:Yahhhhhh wallllllllahhhhhhhhh!!!!! Thumps up yaaahh arabieeee
Mohammed Ahmed:Werd it reminds of em to lol
Jennifer Godfrey:Straight gas!!!! This is hip hop!
007bindo:Goosebumps.....
thedeadlyninja211:i still dont know how u only got 23 thousand views -_-
yazanfroggy:Real talk...
osama chamout:Bro I'm in love wit dis song A Abu batata how can I download dis song

VIDEOID:mPaR9PqgPXc

VIDEOID:RFC0ZCjbb-o
Metropolitan Sleuth:Hey mate, 

I made some portuguese subtitles for this one.
Are you interested in putting them in this video?
If yes, send me a private message and I'll give you them.

Cheers

VIDEOID:LF2cJd9yPFI
Earl Hustle:What amp do you recommend?
Earl Hustle:hertz speakers do you sometimes install those whats your take on them?
TheDerty30:Appreciate the help bro!
TheDerty30:What did you mean by bottom 4, the bags?
TheDerty30:Appreciate it bro!
TK:Rob I got 03 electra glide with aftermarket stereo deck what do I need so 
that I can use my bar controls again? Thanks TK
5280 Street Dogs:To bad your not in Denver!
Russell Cupples:Great job Rob
TheDerty30:Rob, what was the complete speaker setup you used on this glide? Wanna try 
this on mine!
novachannel1981:hows the fairing held on that seems like a lot of hardware up in the front 
sweet job though
Eccool:Yo, Big $, where you located?
MrAsphaltSquadron:One of the best vids so far.
breakaleg82:Money you a bad boy! Excellent work bro....
big patmo:Clean as hell money!!!
watsonlow22:nice work!!!!!!
TheDerty30:NICE BRO! YOU DO SOME QUALITY WORK!

VIDEOID:ATX1U_oG5Bk

VIDEOID:Jm1kNvD02eo

VIDEOID:KFCnpTJtJII
FilthyPigMedia:Hey man I like your music chooses. I own an electronic music promotion 
channel and wanted to network with other unpopular channels to create a 
community that can share and gain contacts, views, subs, and just pretty 
much create a family so we all rise together. Would you like to join the 
filthypigmedia network? 
EDM Blade:New Electro House Music Dance Audio Mixing By EDM Blade

VIDEOID:OavUEiNTtTY

VIDEOID:81F5JSWjJY8
Angel Chavez:are you guys serious? this is horrible
Press Play:hey, whats up, you can stop saying hey
Press Play:this is a guaranteed hit amongst the wheelie boarding youngsters
Matthew Mair:Awesome!
Soo Sandra: haha cool as fuck 
Bruni Jim:I like the way he ride the beat
Derringer Tom: get get get it
Judy Joan: to cool
Alice Kelly: damn you did it
Leon James:awesome!!!!
Spicher Hell:Im not as big of a fan like i once was.
Helfer Floyd:Was I the only person a bit confused
Ray Feingold:snap out of it
Viles Lee: awesome
Sharon truth:you doing it 
Bergevin Tony:like like like 
Furguson Blade: lame 
Anna Angela:Yeah man! Liked!!
Randy Ortan:best of the best!
Bordner Danny:cant stop looking at here 

VIDEOID:DzdEZrJmVqE
willzer808:What a monumental pair of tossers, it is spectacularly amazing what noise 
people have to listen to as part of their university experience. I'm not 
knocking Stanford, I have a lot of respect for Stanford, because of the 
real subjects they provide. But this? Oh Lordie Lord. 
willzer808:College should be for challenging things. Not for music. Not for toying 
around with rhythms. Fact. 
Eduards Jas:

VIDEOID:83KYO6gA_oU
Simcha Yaffa:nice
trannik:Yeah, this is a great song!
BattletoadMike:@lostextinction Sure thing!
lostextinction:Awesome, thanks for the upload! :)
BattletoadMike:Thanks much! I'm glad you think so. Hello from California :]

VIDEOID:sr1XdqryVO8
ISKCON Silicon Valley:

VIDEOID:AZoH9qq24hY
xrox2:HAHAHAHAHAHA u use movie maker!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH dont ask 
me if i have a problem with that because i do!!!! HAHAHAH
Chris Bray:thanks
Battl3f13ld:yeah!
Dottie Baldauf:DUDE U ROCK!

VIDEOID:NMyeYcpAk-Q
JohnnieZuKo:This is dope
musicsongs333:yayyyyyyy go Gabe!
Gabriel Perez:keep it up guys! 

VIDEOID:sJkPWccx1cs
Ondej Mika:Great work! And what about to expand this patchable Noise Toaster by adding 
another LFO and VCO from Alien Screamer project? I think it should be 
interesting in sound possibilities :)
billfusionenterprise:thanks, hopefully i will be able to do lack of free time lately
Kurt Werner:Thanks! :) I just posted a link to the write-up in the video description.
Kurt Werner:Thanks! :)
Ray Wilson:This is totally cool. Congratulations on patching the unit out. I know a 
lot of people will want to do this. Patching two of them together will make 
for a lot of interesting interactions.
SonofCastille:Pretty dedgumbed killer! Looking forward to the write up!

VIDEOID:7lcel4-gKvo
Ticedacreepa:FINALLY PUT IT OUT! !! That Mfker Bumpin FAM! THIS MY JAM! 
Di'No Blade Brown - Extinct Entertainment - East Palo Alto, CA:Watch The "Blunted" Music Video now #3xE 

VIDEOID:_PWNfUJG-Zo
Crystal Mueller:Check out this video on YouTube:
Nat Spir:Vraiment Cool big up !
matagotred:Belle vido et un son sympas !
tydymanz:The NEW album SHATTER ME by Lindsey is my favorite so far this year, great 
visuals for this track.
Tadeusz Piotrowski:Nice video and music !
Paulo Abade:Good morning <3
Ken Scott (Chaotic):Dubstep + Violin + Visual Music = Lindsey Stirling + Chaotic

VIDEOID:1BGQIStWiYk
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:thanks Jesse, so are you. 
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:thanks for the compliment
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:how so, Rachel, tell me more
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:smiles good point
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:: )
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:lovely
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:smiles
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:thanks for the compliment
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:smiles, thanks for the compliment
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:thank you so much for your kind words, Komet, we are so glad you enjoyed it 
so much
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:thanks for sharing, my friend, best wishes with your endeavors. 
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:thanks for sharing your experience, Anthony, glad you enjoyed it
Cara Institute of Advanced Hypnosis:thanks for the suggestion
Jesse Hale:You're beautiful !
chris chris:seductive face
Rachel Thornton:What I'm so confused
Komet163B:When I listen loudly, I concentrate on other things too, besides my 
breathing :-)
Komet163B:I turn up and listen loudly to Nicole! So yes, I can listen loudly! lol
ASMR Knight:lol
AngelSlayer:"listening quietly to the sound of my voice" can u ever listen loudly to 
some1?O_o

VIDEOID:kIuIXLrCKyo
Deborah's Palm:

VIDEOID:VgX-AOB6FKY

VIDEOID:BfQgTz_znn0
Authoriteh:I enjoy traditional orchestral motivation music. Like the music from WoW 
called Way of the Monk.
Tom Ripley:Hammers Up !
Carlos Sebastian:DOTAAAA DOTAAAAAA
Daniel Alves:HAMMERS UP!!!
FP ForplayingCZ:Is here somebody thanks to Herostrain ?
Artem Makarevich: ! ! ,       )

Sakoi:Best Parts 1:04 and 2:05
Luke12ify1:I knew I would love this song as soon I saw the title of it.
Took a mythology class when I was in high school, loved it.
lungu bogdan:This sounds like rammstein!
MrLittleFatBoy:Kamehameha!
TinandeR:HAMMERS UP!
William Brousseau:Back air, fore tilt... Get it!!
Almirante Akainu:
Johann James (ProjectXenoProductions):Hey everyone! type in " Uncontrolled Powers " Should be the first short 
film to pop up by -Johann James. We used this song on our short film! Let 
me know what you think. or Click my name.
francesco quartararo:
Noodler:Yo can I use this in my videos?
Maxime Georges:Bibix

Pavel UA:Celldweller  The Wings of Icarus
Arthur German:R.I.P Tsoy.Fucking Icarus
VialliForever:The Wings of Daedalus might have made more sense for the title (though it 
wouldn't have sounded nearly as good) since Daedalus was the one who flew 
successfully, whereas Icarus failed. I don't know about everyone else, but 
this song gives me a feeling of power and energy, not weakness and failure. 
So I would think that Daedalus might have been the better namesake for the 
song, since he achieved greatness by flying, whereas for Icarus, flying was 
his downfall.

VIDEOID:TINEI3LbsSs
Tadeusz Piotrowski:Nice video and music !
tydymanz: Your visuals are creative & innovative.
Ken Scott (Chaotic):Simple Magic from Rameses B

VIDEOID:8y6kgK2BHmU

VIDEOID:p2gbn9vOk4Y

VIDEOID:AAXuaQl5B3o

VIDEOID:c43Jj0BKaNU
Vegetarians are stupid are you?:Why is it vegans always look so unhappy so anaemic and so fucking Wimpy!
 how many vegan  men does it take to win a fight against a red bloody 
meat-eating man??? that's right there are not enough vegan man on the 
planet to stand up to such a challenge, I would rather be gay then Vegan.
Birgitte Rasine:If you missed the latest episode of High Five Fitness on your local 
channels, on Paleo diet vs a Vegan lifestyle, with a touch of organic 
chocolate, you can watch it right here on YouTube. Yours truly rounds out 
the panel on healthy eating.
Felicia Lee:Two of my favorite topics in one show. Great information and knowledge 
being shared!!
Denet Lewis:a fantastic conversation, Paleo Vs Vegan and Organic Chocolate, check out 
out show! 
Denet Lewis:

VIDEOID:BpMIVSo6Asg
Ashley puriri:CHOCOLATE!!!!!!!!!!!!   :) :( :p xD :3
Ninjaxo Samurai Berserker Son Of Guts: 
 
OK! WHO ATE MY 
CHOCOLATE!!

C Nett:@synergy warfare That is freaking awesome!!!
Synergy Warfare:I hid my phone and played this on full volume in my house my brothers where 
so mad...
caleb james:CHOCOLATES!!!!!!!!
Sharena W.:He is in luv with the CHOCOLATE
SETO KAIBA:what is he in love with ? 

VIDEOID:ROmEqrTyg0g

VIDEOID:KsQ0JUmBnEc
Ana kids:great surprises!
Tillys Surprise Toys:Great video.  Loved Applejack she is just so cute.  Liked and shared :)
Surprise Funny Eggs:Great video! :)
Playdoh Toy Collector:
Playdoh Toy Collector:Great surprises!! Liked :)
WonderBooks:Very cool surprises!! Liked :-)
bjay1956:brilliant, enjoyed the video and all the wee surprises, thanks , John
SurpriseEggs:Liked, Thumbs up + Shared! ^^
Building Imagination:cool toy!! my favorite is the ugglys!! Thumbs up!! liked and shared!
iheartblindbags:Cool uggly's - I just bought some & can't wait to see what I got
Eggs and Toys TV:Nice video my friend. Thumbs up!!! :)  Eggs and Toys TV
Noelia T.:excellent,liked,many thanks..
RED toys reviewed:Minions, MLP, Kinder, UGGLY's and yummy chocolate

VIDEOID:U4haEjJVyf4
Athena Melville:I like this one better than the one posted to Facebook.. They are both 
wonderful but this is just more clear .. I love it so much. 

VIDEOID:XbBUpNipnI8
WonderBooks:Nice! Like # 9
Geezart:Like # 7 loved this awesome video 
Ana kids:great surprises!
funtoy world:so many cute surprises!!!
Walag Family:Love your videos! Thanks for subscribing to our channel . 
Noelia T.:super lovely,love it,many thanks..
Toys Video:Cool ;)
Playdoh Toy Collector:
Playdoh Toy Collector:Love the Care Bear bear, and the Uggly Pet Shop toys were cool! Great 
video, Thumbs up :)
bjay1956:So many great surprises , just love watching and seeing all these lovely 
collectables once againthanks for the share, do love your videos, all the 
best, John
SurpriseEggs:Liked, Thumbs up + Shared! ^^
RED toys reviewed:Hot wheels, Kinder chocolate eggs, Blind packs, and more surprises

VIDEOID:k3X1zMm94-8

VIDEOID:d09rZvmHbHU

VIDEOID:r4cQR0YlCbU
Trendane Sparks:And then....my nano-assembly factory!
David Ihnen:Look for watch?v=-SREct28lJM&t=2m here on youtube - robots assembling 
robots. The size thing, well, they have a good way to get smaller but YES - 
this is the path. We will find ways of doing bearings and actuation at 
small size and eventually have milli, then micro, then nano tech.
Trendane Sparks:Woohohhooo!! Thanks very much! I'm really glad you're enjoying them.
Barameitsu:So, Iniriba's Hubby here, and I gotta say I truly enjoy watching these! 
Trendane Sparks:Star Citizen, BF4, 'chocolate pudding', and invisible bunny ears 
Trendane Sparks:Star Citizen, BF4, 'chocolate pudding', and invisible bunny ears

VIDEOID:UZhNG6FeN-8

VIDEOID:sPI1woaEDcA
Disney Playtime:I love Patrick, and those Ugglys are cute (I'm sure they shouldn't be ..)
WonderBooks:Very nice toys!! My favorites are Mega Blocks!!
Chopstick:Great unboxing and nice background music
Unpack it! Toys Collector:Nice surprises. Thumbs up!
Nikon Toys Show:fantastic..... thumbs up friend
WONDERFUL WORLD OF ALEX:What a nice selection of toys
Fun&fabulous toys:Awesome video and toys.
Eggs and Toys TV:Great review! :)
SurpriseEggs:Liked, Thumbs up + Shared! ^^
bjay1956:Excellent , enjoyed watching the surprise egg openings, superb, thanks, 
John
RED toys reviewed:Ugglys surprise, Minions Kinder egg, Hot Wheels blind pack, MLP.

VIDEOID:pgRBShq4uoU
RED toys reviewed:Cooool surprise eggs,

VIDEOID:cLYa8erK--U
April Jennings Netzhammer:

VIDEOID:3fgSFyFrnzM
Rory Carter:Cool video. More of the same please

VIDEOID:xPW4ZxRvE9I
NordVolf:I think you should *absolutely* do a "My Writings Mondays"!  That would be 
so cool, with your ability to do voices so awesomely, to hear you read 
things you write!  I know in my writings I have various characters with 
different 'voices', and if I were able to *tell* my story(s), I'd want to 
be able to voice them as well.

Also, in my opinion, you should keep "My Writings Mondays" and "TMI 
Tuesday" under the "Dear Dairy" umbrella.  After all, a diary is about 
things that happen in your life, or in this case aspects of your life that 
you want to share with us.  So it still fits very well.

Also, breaking things out of "Dear Dairy" would be that many more cool 
things for me to keep track of... and more workload for you.  After all, 
you'd then have to do *2* things on Mondays; "My Writings Mondays" AND 
"Dear Dairy"...
Metallica4life1977:well it looks like your mind might be going as long as you dont lose your 
looks and wit your good
Steve Lafountain:I make the best Coconut Shrimp and dipping sauce!
Dasgokuguy FARTOONETWORK:dear damn, diddly, diary.....what does diddly mean?
Trendane Sparks:Conjuration, Realization, and Family Relation

VIDEOID:dtU0mV53kq8

VIDEOID:pW6LxVDjQsE
Eggs and Toys TV:Cool video!
Unboxing:amazing... keep it up.... thumbs up friend
Toys to collect:Cool, liked it!
Disney Doll Story:Nice surprises! Awesome.
PuCaToys:*i see your video so cute*
 :Super video, I loved it. Good call.
See my videos too, subscribe to my channel:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvo0x0dreVU
Toys Video:Cool :)
RED toys reviewed:Great little video with Kinder chocolate eggs

VIDEOID:7QxRfSpQ0d4

VIDEOID:pDnOWFDacx0
iqradabest:i luv da story ashley+joe are soo cute maybe u could mke a character 
pregnant lol
stargal41795:AHHHH MAZING!!!!!
Jonasbrothersfan785:I loveee tiiis thankkkkks:) i wishhhh this coudl really happpeene:)
luckeeducky1467:i love your story!! lol your a great writer!

VIDEOID:sMALRh8Ly7s
Schneider & Rinaldi Productions:Search"let it snow"! Then it snows! Sucht "let it snow"! Dann schneit es!
Schneider & Rinaldi Productions:I recorded this with QuickTime 10.

VIDEOID:CAqx2-nnptg

VIDEOID:6QNdsvSl4Lc

VIDEOID:c1kJ3w7rPVU
Ryan Smith:Guessing they dont have any good acting skills
youutubestinks:amazing is the first time I see how a customer can fix the machine 
adcquired!! in USA always they say to take things to the factory and they 
only last 1 month or else to fix it _ ; excelent plus this time
Yassin Califa:you said at the beginning it's special paper it's Sublimation paper.
what about the Epson printer ? is it special one ? name it
if it use a special ink so it must be a special printer
Duncan P:is there a video on how to fix the sealing line please
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:3D Sublimation Machine Repair and Maintenance

VIDEOID:NLDhdPlRUsk
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Automatic Feeding System Automatic Screen Printing Machine

VIDEOID:GHB5uk5Qk6s

VIDEOID:yc-SAnX-TEU
Billy Dibbert:Pap
miketv:your speakers might be unplugged
Anton Simonov:nice teacher), very fun lesson =)
Paul Coltharp:All your videos have no sound
Andr A.N:the sound is good here..
Aamaxu:There IS sound, it's just really quiet, and also... mono?
Michael Minkler:Sound is no comming through on some of your recent videos
ProTech Tor:No sound !!!
Eduards Jas:

VIDEOID:nst_O3xcuHM

VIDEOID:4HWwG817W0k
miaowcat09:What were all of the ingredients?

VIDEOID:aaTklI4SgsU

VIDEOID:t-Tius1e10U
FRC971:This is recorded at 480 fps. 480 fps record / 30 fps playback = 16x slow 
motion. 14 sec / 16x = .875 secs to convey the ball to the shooter wheel at 
this motor speed.

VIDEOID:Ft1UJowPqpE
DatArabGuy69:funny shit

VIDEOID:XQh7NfQTfQg
Indigo Jes:I'm surprised by the comments of what appears to be non white individuals. 
After hearing this discussion from the black perspective, why do you still 
say it's black peoples' fault that they've been victimized? What you fail 
to see is you've made this mess, you should take accountability for you're 
actions over the past 400 years. Keep throwing rocks and hiding your hands 
if you want to, people are waking up...
rabbit hop:mike brown attacked the cop and tried to take his gun..the cop had every 
right to protect himself. its not about racism in the least
ME3:I love the Black RACIST BULLSHIT.
Hands Up, Don't Shoot never happened fools.
Officer Wilson was cleared by both the Grand Jury and Eric Holder's DOJ.
The DOJ said the Hands Up, Don't Shoot was a LIE.
If NOT for the Criminal Michael Brown's body lying on the ground for four 
hours they could not have collected had the evidence to PROVE Officer 
Wilson was innocent.
No WONDER you wanted him moved.  The TRUTH is not nice to your RACIST 
beliefs.
In Ferguson Blacks complained about the RACIST COPS and the number of 
tickets they got from the RED LIGHT CAMERAS... SORRY but since when have 
cameras been RACIST?   Stop running red lights and you end up with fewer 
tickets.
Take your heads out of your asses and be prepared for the slaughter of 
Blacks by other Blacks as Police stay out of your communities.   JUST LIKE 
YOU WANTED.
No more cops arresting your innocent THUGS before someone is hurt.
NOW they will do it AFTER they shoot someone or when they are the victims 
of a shooting.
How many Blacks were shot or died in Baltimore, Chicago and New York on the 
Memorial Day weekend?  Will we see PROTESTS and RIOTS over these shootings?
Notice not ONE was shot by a COP?
I notice INNOCENT CHILDREN where shot due to BLACK VIOLENCE.
Cops will stay out of your TRIBAL BATTLES.   I hope the leaders of the 
Black Community like the results of your RACIST actions against the Police.
Maryan Muk:For any backlash for this video and if white people are offended in this 
video....you are fragile 
DeenScene:the sound isn't playing on this..
Rocky Bandolero:quite sad this video only has 8000views smh
Rocky Bandolero:DAVID BANNER MANNNNN THIS GUY JUST INSPIRED ME TO DO BETTER
eric mation:"man they just popped this dude for nothing" nope there was a scuffle in 
the vehicle, why do people ignore facts, not saying he should be shot but 
it wasnt for no reason.
and yea look to the local drug dealer to lead yas. WTF is wrong with 
people. thats drug dealer has prob killed more people than the cops have. 
between peopel ODing and prob shot at least one or two people. not saying 
it cuz he black, im saying cuz hes a DRUG DEALER.
those cops werent going to do anythign to theyre there to make sure things 
dont get out of hand look how some of the retards  started shit with the 
cops the cops were still just standing there doing nothing, people looting 
stores cops and setting fires those are the people the cops were there for.
i did like what david had to say though especially the end, dont believe 
anyone research yourself and make your own opinons with facts not emotion.
kieth thornton:ON AND ON THEY BEEN BURNING AN HANGING US AFRICAN BLACK FROM1492 WHEN THEY 
CAME AND KILLED OUR LAWS WE HAD.whites INVADED US STOLE RESOURCES LAND 
WEALTH AND HISTORY FROM OUR AFRICAN FORE FATHERS NOW THE INHERITOS OF OUR 
FAMILY REALITY LAND AN WEALTH MUST RETURN WHAT WAS TOOK FROM THE NATIVE 
AND  BLACK AMERICAN OR BE JUDGE FOR WAR CRIMES see GOOD BYE UNCLE TOM see 
KING ALFRED LAN. INVADERS CANT MAKE LAWS THEIR THE UNJUDGE KILLERS OF US. 
see why white fake jew laws was made
BaldWorld:More foolery !
funfunfun405:I guess when you intentions are illegal then you hate authority. white girl 
bleed a lot
CaapriceTube:GREAT PANEL!!!!
We need more of this!
Cary mcdonald:   Many assumptions taken as gospel here, are not. True, with U.S. 
Constitutional roots: "all men are created equal." as a premise; when what 
it means is 'We shall ACT as IF all men are created equal."
   If any of the above were true, then the National Baskeball players would 
be 60% white, and 20% Asian... so they are recognizing in an OBVIOUS way 
that races are NOT created equal. (It ain't just 'skin deep')

   So what about the NOT so obvious?
 I observed the CEO of a VERY large american chip maker message ALL 
employee's that there was an $8k finder fee for anyone that would help 
place a Black PhD in the company. (At the same time, there is a standing 
$2k for Asian PhD's). After three months... across 4-state manufacturing 
sites (50k U.S. employees)... there remained NO attempted placements of 
Black PhD's (with an Engineering background).  What gives?  Does this issue 
have 'basic' roots in both our system and genetics... just as it applies to 
the racist hiring's by the NBA?
   It turns out: it does. African Amercans go into puberty at an age 3-6 
years before whites and Asians. Thus, when math is SO important in school, 
when Calculus is REQUIRED to apply to any university engineering program, 
the black students are also discovering their sexuality at the same time, 
while their more studious white and Asian counterparts: not so much.

   When you discuss 'racism' you would do well avoid 'broad' generalities; 
you should look for 'root cause'; you should WAIT until the NBA finds a way 
to win games with a racially 'representative' team, and follow their lead.
Uhuru:damn the ignorance in this comment section 
crazy black guy with guns:POWER TO THE PEOPLE 

BUT IM STILL WITH THE VIOLENT SHIT 
E.B Jombo:Is cool to have these "group therapy sessions" and "kumbayah" moments, but 
let me tell y'all the real.The majority of white folks will NEVER, EVER, I 
repeat, NEVER, EVER, GIVE A FLYING FUCK about the plight of black folks. 
See the majority of black folks think its because of the color of our skin 
but that's a misconception,thats just what it seems like on the surface, 
because if that was the case they would hate anything that isn't white, 
like most animals and races of people, but they don't.The reason why they 
really hate us is because they are afraid of our power as a people, and the 
potential that they see in us that most of us no longer see in ourselves. 
Think about it, we ruled this planet for thousands of years before their 
race even came into existence, they know this an it scares the living crap 
out of them.This is why they seek to dominate us in every way possible.In 
other words, racism is a symptom of their fear and the only way to 
partially overcome it(because don't get it twisted it can never be fully 
over comed), is by enlightenment through the process of education and in a 
capitalist nation like America, entrepreneurship.We will continue to be 
second class citizens in this country until we start owning stuff instead 
of continuing to beg for petty checks and hand outs.
Wesley Smith:Why is there no sound?
Kimberly Brock:Anyone who has watched this and didn't get one single nugget out of it is 
so narrowly closed in the mind.
bigmattic65:Fuck the united snakes of america Black power panthers on your assses now 
Crackers
Alphonso Chapman:OMG SHUT UP BLACK MEG!!!!!

VIDEOID:gDauNtKzBEw
WonderBooks:Very cool! Liked :-D
Ana kids:Super hot wheels
StephanieToysnDolls:Nice video. Big thumbs up!
Eggs and Toys TV:Hi! Beautiful video :)
iAMaMonkey:I LIKE YOUR VIDEO! Check my channel I am a Monkey :)
bjay1956:Some more great collectable, enjoyed your video upload, thanks, John
Anneaventures:Awesome shared and liked please visit my channel 
Anneaventures:Check out this video on YouTube:
SurpriseEggs:Liked, Thumbs up + Shared! ^^
Naturezapitty cia:Nice toy 
Toys Video:Liked ;)
CutieRific:Cool video 
Noelia T.:excellent,liked,many thanks..
RED toys reviewed:Hot Wheels, Hot,Hot,Hot

VIDEOID:x_UgODTJBdI

VIDEOID:09PPieEM2G4
jorge nuez moscoso:Lol

Daniel Garza:Goths are hot
Red4n50n:Pretty good but I can eat 6 packs lol I have a big mouth
anarox2:your just a low life son of a bitch that doesnt have anything better to do 
lol 
John Kenzington:The whole group is just dikes, gays, morons, and gothics
HAMASKAPPER:they still make that gum awesome but tha flavor never last !

VIDEOID:_l7QZk1bnpQ

VIDEOID:UgWWi63yazE
The Apple Nest:

VIDEOID:WRcqJGKKIDI
WonderBooks:Stupendous!!!! Liked :-D
Ana kids:Super super cars ! Beautiful
Tillys Surprise Toys:Great selection of Hot Wheels - love the Hulk Rockster!  Liked and shared 
:)
Smiley Surprises:Awesome cars :)
Eggs and Toys TV:This is cute and so much fun! I love your video!
Toys Video:Liked ;)
SurpriseEggs:Liked, Thumbs up + Shared! ^^
Noelia T.:fantastic !!! bravo,big like,many thanks...
 :Very nice video!
bjay1956:Another awesome share of these fine hot wheels, thanks again, john
RED toys reviewed:These are soooo! neat.

VIDEOID:77QZia2uUbk

VIDEOID:FvdZeBiEnac
Trendane Sparks:Barilla, RPM Network, and a shout-out!
Trendane Sparks:My take on the Pasta Barilla issue. Also...RPM Network Partner!

VIDEOID:BvwR7u-XUUs
TheMisken:The texting business is messed up and wrong, but the walking in the bike 
lane and biking in the crosswalks many times is due to a failure of 
infrastructure. You see those guys walking in the bike lane with no 
sidewalk alternative! Also, there is no bike button for the guy biking in 
that specific crosswalk.
Joseph DiAscro III:"Minus the Oompa Loompas. Google that." LOVE IT!
snowbird29803:Once someone receives an advanced degree, they start losing their ability 
to do hands-on things, and understand practical application of common sense 
principles. IOW, the smarter you are academically, the dumber you are about 
your and others' safety and convenience. This is proved by that old adage: 
Those who can, do; those who can't, teach (or work at Google). Just sayin'.
Mr. Sherman Show:Integrity is doing the right thing, even when no one is watching.  C.S. 
Lewis.
Richard Hilbert:why does america lag behind europe in many ways but one of them is the 
bicycle pedestrain paths. In europe there is a desiginated bike lane next 
to the pedestrain sidewalk. no bycicles in the street. 
Jean-Marie Ricci:Stanley, sometimes riding on the sidewalk is the safest thing to do or the 
only safe option ! I ride everyday and often I will ride on the side walk : 
busy intersection, first days of summer, friday and saturday nights. I 
would rather ride the streets rather than the sidewalks but traffic is just 
not getting any better ! 
drroach912:Stanley, if you sit at the intersection off ramp at 101 north exit, you 
will see drivers making a right on red to shoreline Blvd. check it out. It 
happens daily. Keep up the good work
last chance blueprint:I'm 100% against texting and driving, but criticizing people for texting 
only when the car is stopped at a red light or even talking while riding a 
bicycle is pathetic.
cruyeda:People that are too stupid to obey the rules should be fired and castrated 
so they don't pass their "stupid genes" on.
David Slepkow:+Stanley Roberts 
Bret Mohler:no one is on there.. they were tweeting "so getting fired for this lulz 
#Stanley" ... oh wait too soon?
M3NO451:lol, sure you did. I bet your some fake account by that girl. You can tell 
hwo fake this is. Yeah, Im sure you have been looking for him, you look at 
youtube videos all day to find some random guy.
TVman1981:It's always my fault.
M3NO451:lol @ the people blaming you for supposedly getting someone fired. Even if 
its true, why aren't they blaming the genius who was driving and texting? 
M3NO451:so God wasn't watching him before? Maybe God should have told him not to 
text and drive.
lcirej71:I think the people in Mt. View who talk/text and drive - are to cheap that 
they don't want to buy a hands-free device. BTW - Mr. Roberts, I only 
stumbled on your videos on YouTube. I can't watch KRON-4 and your reports. 
I live in San Joaquin County. One more question: Is there graffiti in the 
old section of the Bay Bridge? NOW THAT IS REALLY BEHAVING BADLY!!!! (I saw 
it on our local news, Sacramento).
Portland4114:The rules don't apply to me day and age
Carlos Bazurto:Tv man
Carlos Bazurto:It's not that's a gbus and google did fire him
TVman1981:Yes sounds very fishy....

VIDEOID:GyH2vamiQGI

VIDEOID:kG1J9995Nm8
joe smith:Great presentation. Thank you.

VIDEOID:loFHNH9gPRY
BgoyD CS:grax men te pasaste de buena onda a y si quieren vean mis video tutoriales 
y me piden de culquier juego manita arriba y me suscribo 
Jasson Zapata:oye men te felicito por tus videos estan buenos y te queria pedir si podes 
hacer un video de como descargar radarsync con el serial es que nesecito 
ese programa espero tu respuesta pronto. ah ya me suscribi a tu canal
Sharlyms:@ellokorikardo solo buscalo en la "S" HAY TIENE QUE ESTAR YA SI NO LO 
ENCUENTRAS MEJOR BUSCA UN PARCHE PARA QUE FUNCIONE FULL OKS HAY NOS VEMOS
ellokorikardo:Estoy buscando el serial de shadow security scanner 5.33 la paguina aparece 
pero no se como descargarlo...me ayudas ......gracias
dernarus:good
Necronos:lol, the pr0n ads
SOCALYPRODUCTIONS:lol

VIDEOID:QXzxf4LW_Yw
Sharad Joshi:why it is called mass action law ?

VIDEOID:VpTRzsccOYs
HeyGorgeousxxx:Yummmm!! Looks really good doll, now I really want to make a smoothie :P 
Would love if you'd have a quick look at my channel xx
Silvergamer 412:(she its my cousin)

VIDEOID:Zk-R618jB54
FlexFlinstoned:Bout to watch this right now
john considine:its garbage, don't bother
RedPainting:It really seems like Adrian Grenier doesnt like this whole 
"circus"-promotion thing..
Joe Jimenez:The movie was entertaining X)
Lee Torry:4,247 views only? Hmmm...I wonder why? Oh and please stop putting this 
video in my related videos panel! This movie was a sack of crap!
importedmusic:Check out Mark Kermode's review of this shitty film. Nailed it to a T.
ishaq patel:wheres drama though
Atul Cash Sharma:Check out this video on YouTube:
David S:Movie sucked a bag of nuts
Talks at Google:The cast and director/writer/producer/creator of the summer blockbuster 
#EntourageMovie stop by Google to hug it out and talk about taking the 
characters we love to the big screen after 8 seasons as a hit HBO series.

See Entourage in theaters now!

Talk features: Adrian Grenier, Jeremy Piven, Kevin Connolly, Jerry Ferrara, 
and Doug Ellin

VIDEOID:3PR9aJ2ZNTc
Blanco 1927:What Allyson Hobbs calls "passing" is really the admirable practice by 
mixed-race WHITES or EUROPEAN AMERICANS to claim their rightful heritage 
and reject the black lie that they could possibly belong to a "race" that 
does not describe them.  People accused of "passing" for who they really 
are should be praised to the skies for their pride and heroism.  The more 
white slaves who hang their heads and accept a Negro/black label are 
agreeing with the racist idea that they are too inferior for the honor of 
their European race, ancestry and heritage.  Sorry, Hobbs, but no one 
misses you or your race.  

http://www.amazon.com/Passing-Who-You-Really-Are/dp/0939479222/
Blanco 1927:Hobbs' book is one-drop propaganda. The transition from colored or Negro 
caste status to white is well documented by Frank W. Sweet. There is no 
indication as Hobbs claims, that anyone pined for Negro society like an 
unrequited lover.
 http://www.amazon.com/Legal-History-Color.../dp/0939479230/
Gregory:Why would someone dislike this video?
John Incognito:Why wouldn't someone "pass" as white if they can? It's so much more 
advantageous to be white in America.
Mengbing Wang:
lmaoyourekiddingme:Horse shit. This is not "hidden." Unless you were raised ignorant as a 
donkey in a cave, it's known.
Lance Winslow:Extremely interesting and I did note a new book being reviewed on this 
subject last week on CSPAN BookTV - it is a fascinating history, and 
relevant to our great melting pot.
Debbie Coultis:

VIDEOID:3MHEUUU9-Hc
David S:graacias
Cristian L:Buensimos!!!! Deberas seguir con tutoriales de ableton ya que no hay para 
espaol :(
javier ares:muy bueno tron jajajajaja 
me mola como lo esplicas ,no dudes y animate hacer alguno mas
me a parecido muy bueno el truco de acordes gracias
Peerk Music:Buensimo!
Alejandro Garca Jimnez:me ha gustado bastante este truquete desconocia estas herramientas en 
ableton creo que me voy a pasar a ableton 
elpeyopl:Genial!!! Muchas gracias, ojal sigas con los tutoriales, explicas muy 
bien! Saludos!
Moar Noize:Yo soy mas de FL, es mas facil (por algo lo hicieron para nios xD) pero el 
tuto es muy util, yo no tengo ni idea de ableton xD
Sam Martn:Trucos de ableton!

VIDEOID:VtQrCc78bGs
TSColosus:en un futuro queremos un mini joker
JosebaHdeS20 // The Paradise!!!:GOTHAM EN LOS SIMS???? 

VIDEOID:MmwbjE220n0
Purpill:I don't think scientists should be asked this question because they are all 
too smart for there own good. Faith can't be measured so it makes them feel 
weird you can't measure good and jesus. Actually you can because people who 
attend church have a lower mortality rate.
sirmolio:Flaw in the turtle analogy:

The argument is "If a God exists, he must have had a creator, who must have 
had a creator, and so forth" ad infinitum.

Really? Well, if PHYSICS exists, then it must have had a beginning. The big 
bang? Then gee, something must have produced the big bang. Preexisting 
universes, colliding, etc? Okay, then what gave rise to those pre-existing 
universes. (EDIT: Stop reading here if you already get my point; I'm 
longwinded and the text below only elaboratively expounds my thesis)

My point is the turtle upon turtle argument is the same as "physics upon 
physics" argument. If your claim is that there is no God and that the 
universe came from physics, then where did physics come from? You're 
holding me to account to where God came from, so I am equally entitled to 
hold you accountable to explain where physics came from. Physics has 
existed forever? Is that your answer? Then that argument is equally 
credible to claiming God has existed forever.

If you are claiming God cannot exist b/c it requires an infinite lineage of 
"parent" Gods, then I say physics cannot exist b/c it requires an infinite 
lineage of "creator" physics. Since physics clearly exist, that argument 
clearly fails to discredit the existence of God. The existence of physics 
only proves that things that logically require an "infinite lineage of 
creation or origin" CAN and DO exist in spite of man's inability to grasp 
how it is possible. To claim otherwise is a double standard.

Hence, it is just as plausible for God to exist (be it that He as a single 
entity lived forever or that the lineage of his so-called "parents" went on 
forever) as it is for physics to exist (be it the current laws always in 
existence or arising from "parent" universes, parent sets of physics, 
etc.). B/c physics DOES exist, it means things that require either an 
infinite age or infinite series of "parents" (physics OR God) CAN exist 
and, in the case of physics, DO exist. 

My point is the turtle argument fails to refute the existence of God for 
the above stated logic. Someone should have told Dr. Fillipenko to consider 
the turtles as "physics" or "laws of physics" or "universes" instead of 
"gods" or "parent gods" and listened to his surely enlightening answer. 
(spoken like a condescending theist, I know, and yet I'm not. Go figure.)
bodog pepper:Check out this video on YouTube:
Wolfgang Breitenseher:Okay. Let me see. In the beginning there was nothing. And nothing exploded. 
To me this is the sort of crap that would normally ooze out from churches 
or the like. It is not scientific. There are no traces and no observations 
whatsoever that could be linked to a big bang. CBR - the only "pointer" for 
an alleged Big Bang - exploded in the face of the Big Bangers after it has 
been found that the CBR is not background radiation from the cosmos but 
background radiation from earths water reservoirs. They were unable to find 
the alleged big bang radiation farther away from earth.
Furthermore the big bang theory is so full of problems, that its proponents 
had to put strange events into it to make it work (like cosmis inflation, 
lol!).
But nowadays we have observations and evidence that the big bang theroy is 
rubbish and will have to go in a few years. It is odd that those findings 
doesn't get mentioned in popular media.
Poison Toad:"if everything came out of nothing, nothing is God"

If nothing is God then the concept of God is a big fat nothing.  I'm down 
with that.
A. Randomjack:I won't be watching this video. It's a stoopid question for those who like 
arguing. It doesn't solve nothing and never will: it's totally 
noneducational.
Manoocher Pour Javaheri:the big bang/religion chain reaction
"if everything came out of nothing, nothing is God"
david jay:Why oh why would anyone agree to debate such a Totally meaningless question 
???
Divine Spark is an un-definable term that has no meaning ... get on with 
the science !!
Anthony Mann:Thanks for the download. Good discussion.
Laintal Sibornal:
Andrew Geber:robert picardo yaaay
SvinehundenVlog:"Turtles all the way down" and then they all laugh. Those primitive people. 
We know better. Yet they are too retarded to recognize the turtles are a 
non mathematical peoples way to describe a fractal. The universe is a 
fractal. It IS turtles all the way down. The (so called) multiverse is 
INSIDE the atoms. Inside each one of us and everything around us. Each atom 
is an infinity of "multiverses". It has no beginning and no end. A fractal 
has no centre and is always expanding in an exponential rate. 1, 1, 2, 3, 
5, 8, 13, ...
Randy:universes are not constrained by their environment, but by only one 
internal factor: the numbers of black holes. Furthermore, universes have 
different reproduction rates, they are not competing against each other.
Randy:How well does Darwinian evolution fit in with other universes? 
Randy:Life probably started as a way for molecules to redistribute energy from 
stars and their influences on planets. I think life is some kind of 
afterthought.
Anthony Rotz:We can't be sure if there was Physics of any kind before the Big Bang or 
more correctly before the inflation era. Turtles have nothing to do with 
it. What came before the beginning of the beginning is the question.
Anthony Rotz:The existence of other Universes requires great faith. 
MrPikaPwnage:I have a quick analogy to make regarding the topic - When we developed 
language 60,000 or so years ago, was it to write down information, was it 
to communicate with more intelligent life, or was it simply to coordinate 
hunting and gathering better? Similarly when we developed industrialism, 
did we intend to reshape the world or did we just want to pay for less 
workers? And when we turn now to string theory or efficient nuclear power 
plants, is it because we truly want a greater understanding of nature, or 
is it that we want to be able to take advantage of others or become a 
social leader?

Simply, I don't think humans have the brains to understand the topic. 
Humans are social creatures and there is no real drive to find a perfect 
mathematical understanding or better technology, I think these are more or 
less derivatives of each individual trying to puff out its ego.

Truly, if humans were intelligent creatures then they would get along and 
see through that each can play a real educational role in advancing our 
understanding. Right now it seems that we're happier that 2.5 billion or so 
are starving because it means more for our country. Right now we're happier 
that the majority don't get education or assistance through education 
because that means more money for us, but I think it's obviously clear that 
society would be better progressed if education was the goal, not economics.

As a joke - Who knows what understanding the dinosaurs had of their world? 
They got caught with a very specific extinction of their capabilities for 
life. But think about how long they had to understand what life is. 140 
million years is just a little more than our 60,000, or at the most 5 
million. Clearly they had the better understanding of life, until 
catastrophe hit them. If personal survival is considered the important 
factor, I'm sure many great scientists or philosophers would be ignored as 
failures. But it's not about the individual for intelligence, it's about 
the information and its applicability/novelty.
Barry Cooper:The Big Bang never happened. Well thats my opinion and many, many others.
migfed:@Neueregel

VIDEOID:jC-1ikQmab8

VIDEOID:2E2a4TRtBaM
Pequeo pero Peligroso Mc:igualito esuna bruja tas claro diga lo que diga 
madddogg41:coooo unas palabras buenas.....

VIDEOID:27SqtjJIEkE

VIDEOID:BVzS5-ODbE4

VIDEOID:DQ1hAS4kZN0
ansiivan:nokia n8 + CameraPro !

VIDEOID:zaIr9vFBdyQ
Marcelo Siqueira:Sera q os planetas surgiram de uma grande exploso a bilhes de anos? Tenho 
duvidas..a cincia contrria a biblia?
AuxiaLumina58:vamos prestigiar o cientista brasileiro... ele sabe muito!!! Parabns 
Eduardo, sucessos aqui no Brasil! 

VIDEOID:n4lSOiL1V8M

VIDEOID:Zstu7SV3ceI
Shawn A. Alvarez:Steven Universe Espaol Latino Capitulos Completos Episodio 31-40 HD Steven 
Universe Espaol Latino Steven Universe Espaol Latino Steven Universe 
Espaol Latino Watch Online
"""See More At: http://bit.ly/1BUuZ19 
This is a very nice video  Hope you guys enjoy it, if you do, Please Don't 
Forget Like , comment, Subscribe and I will greatly appreciate it.
Wish you have a moments of fun! Have nice a day to you and your Family! 
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR WATCHING ! """"

Steven Universe Espaol Latino Capitulos Completos Episodio 31-40 HD
""


"
Shawn A. Alvarez:
Henry Trinh:

VIDEOID:hvBrlOpXeAs
Julio Campos espinoza:Esto ha sido la peor mrd que existe sobre DBZ
Drake Parodias:EL ULTIMO TENIA EL BIGOTE DE HITLER!!!!!!
Duy 4all:Todo es mentira tonto fanboy jhjjajajha
tao Alcantara:Genial slo que dragn ball af significa 
A de ade 
F de fecio 
LALO2684:Dragn ball AF ni siquiera existe -_-
Alejandro Mena:Lo de krillin es falso pero en el resto esta bien lastima que no es real 

Jose Manuel Damian Franco: funciones culeras valen madre p***
Jose Manuel Damian Franco:No m**** pendeja no chingues pendejo
cesarssj593:jajajajajajajajajaj molfrecell
Diego Bennewitz:Goku ssj 9 es zaiko
Santiago Navarro Calderon:chupate por el culo tu puto video
Elke Carvajal Meza:Que bakan
ANDRES FELIPE FIGUEROA ESCOBAR:Goku ssj 5 lo creo akira un fan le cambio el pelo de color gris y le cambio 
la ropa o eso salio en un video
lucas aguilera:andate a la pija con el video puto gay chupa pija anda hacetela plantar con 
ese video 
hermanos crafteros:Como krilin se tranforma si no es un sayayin
Barbara Alarcon:Vale callampa tu puto video
BC GUYMER:Yo me pregunto si vegeta se pudoconvertir en ssj 4 por que no en el 3
Ken Pichardo:miecha que video mas bacano te ponen 1 minuto y pico de sombra es justo lo 
que necesitava 
Ber Colaneri:Krillin Ssj wtf 
bruno reyes:molefrezer jajajaja 

VIDEOID:bBESPYTTSLU
ISKCON Silicon Valley:

VIDEOID:JX_buOYNpWk

VIDEOID:B6VNt_dthk4

VIDEOID:e-emgQ1FHCo
merenguero1026:mmmm que rico! pescado con tajadas y un rice&bean =)

VIDEOID:8zxA9-KB2n8
EXPO QUINCEAERA NW:

VIDEOID:UGO3XDvw4Mw
heidy martinez:esta bella..pero todavia no entiendo por k el "azul"... EN UNA FIESTA DE 
ANAISA?? 
Yuvira Montilla:bello!! 
Lina:beautiful! where was this held? 
Emilio Basarte:Ofrezcome pero k bella k estuvo esa 
fiesta,,,,Invitenmeeeeee.jajajajajajajaja
PROdigy Clan:anaisa la AMO !
Nathalie Hernandez:que bella ceremonia para la mi SANTA ANAISA 
edwardreyes2008:el unico que bendice se llama JESUSCRISTO!!!! ARREPIENTENSE CRISTO VIENE 
MUY PRONTO
MALI JAMILLA:AGRADESCO TUS BENDICIONES NEGRA .....AMEN
Marydan Janecek:@laputika1990 anaisa es santa ana 
khmocano:ache! y bendiciones que caigan sobre nosotros con Anaisa aver si me pueden 
avisar de algunas tambores o bembes en nueva york el bronx de nuestros 
sante Maferefun el toque de los santos Y Ache!
LuigiAlbau:wow what a nice party for Anaisa, I would love to be there, where was it?
Liliana Alonso:perdonen mi ignorancia pero porfavor podrian decirme que significa 
anaisa??? besos desde espaa
Jblak LogBear:si necesitan palero me dejan saber
bellaniris:wao que fiesta mas linda como ella se merece y que la 21 le ayude a esa 
persona que cada ao se la celebre mas bonita gracias la misericordia...
melida1204:love it...
alexaderescalante:muy lindo una fiesta coo ella muy linda y fina muy bello grasias a la 
mesericodia de esa senora que tuvo la grasias de haserla bendisiones en mi 
nombre ....

VIDEOID:16LYZ_qRC2k
EXPO QUINCEAERA NW:Agrega un mensaje a tu video.

VIDEOID:ve2JaixjKl4

VIDEOID:lGUgUnTZwCU

VIDEOID:fswng0ZRaSc

VIDEOID:KBDNdTtm9Yg

VIDEOID:vptzmlBKvhU
Daniel Steven Machado Salinas:los que critican a los que ven naruto de malas. es nuestro problema y si no 
le gusto de malas. .|.
Nadia Valle:No va con naruto va con dragon ball
Nadia Valle:Malditos putos hijos de mierda
konan hinata uzumaki (sakura akashiya haruno):
diana patricia pearete mosquera:La mejor cancin 
Glenn Peraza:Minuto 4:10 XD

Farid Stiven:
Edith Ramrez:Estas cansiones del mago de Oz me gustan mucho por que ablan dela livertad 
y le ban mucho con naruto ya que tanbien me gusta mucho a un que tanbien lo 
deberian con raruto
mauricio britez:Buena msica y esos
Odn


Soru Uchiha:Jaja al final deidara itachi y kisame me mataron de risa con su baile
marcos fuentes:como que no va tanto el video con la cancion
Tenochtli de la Cruz Charles:que miedo da gaara xD
rafael sotovillalobos:Sean dado cuenta el tono dela cansion valora lo que tienes de mago de oz es 
exatamente el mismo que el de naruto en algunos capitulos
rafael sotovillalobos:Naruto u mago de oz la mejor convinacion amo a naruto el mejor animr
Diana Lieztte Abril Montes:
Manu Quintero:Q vacana
XAVIER VALLE:chingas a tu puta madrecon las dos manos multiplicado x 10 a la 9 potencia 
Edgard riao respeta el trabajo de los demas culero. jajajajaja chinga tu 
madre
Rodrigo Gonalves:muito bom o vdeo e a musica !
jose revuelta cabezudo:vaya par de cojonessssss CHUSSSSSSSS
ivan lara:que clasico

VIDEOID:IilTIt8Mdac
Nina Marrissette:First comment!!

VIDEOID:Q9AAedSD1h8
cd34:

VIDEOID:kWjw-ersSds

VIDEOID:PWRcK2_KwLA
Lars Slhusvik:song?
Tim Galbreath:Amazing sound and clarity. Snappy highs and boomy lows when struck. Love 
the song you chose to demonstrate your guitar. I too have a 2001 ltd 
edition cocobolo w/ Cedar top and love the warmth from that guitar. Nice 
job! 

VIDEOID:INV8hRLCxEA

VIDEOID:Ct1UDXJ66so

VIDEOID:MKv6bLs-Tfg
Pattanshetty:This week's video is a dance by Unique Bollywood Dance & Aerobics at 
Udaan's "Rang De Basanti" holi event held at Baylands Park in Sunnyvale, CA 
on March 28th 2015.

This shoot was un-planned, we had 5 min to prepare and it turned out really 
good.

+unique bolly
#holi
#bayarea
#bayareaholi
#bollywood
#Honeysingh
#yoyo
#YoYoHoneySingh
#Sunnysunny
#Singh
#Sunny
#Bluehaipanipani
#multicam
#yoza
#baylandspark
#SunnyvaleCA
#Sunnyvale
#udaanproject
#OverseasVolunteer
#OVBI

VIDEOID:jgLaCHbvSNY
Karen Vargas:yo llege hasta el combo 100 =p
rosa44285:yo iva a hacer un video asi pero al final la pondre para mi cumple =D

VIDEOID:__joTLbo7Ng
OxigenoProductionsRD:

VIDEOID:9CZRpHDJCZM

VIDEOID:eyG93iBoVVA
MAGIA NEGRA:como puedo descargar el juego lo quiero pero no lo eh podido descargar me 
podras ayudar si porfis desde cuando quiero este juego 
airam rocha maldonado:pinchi megaupload renueva el link
Brayan Herrera:Oye Men Asele El Favor A Todos Y Cambia El Link No Sirve!!!! .l. 
RAJERGAR MADAFACAS:cambia el puto link
gonzalo robert:cambia el link  
NOSE wala:cambia el link si esque sugues existiendo
marcelo andres:cambia el link socio 
Luis Fernando Casasbuenas Sabio:cambia el link men 
Jumperxx007:Temazooo!!!
Carlos Ulloa:@mrdionis100 q tarjeta grafica tienes? o talves ea tu pc por q hasta el 
momento tu nomas me alegas Noob
peter dionis:ni entren aki 
Fernandohf9t:De LMFAO
Fernandohf9t:La cancion se llama Party Rock Anthem
Reynaldo Kuekuatshe Jensen:como se llama la cancion men 
Martin Kato:graciass menn vere si me sirve salu2 

VIDEOID:27kDrYRpMqA
EXPO QUINCEAERA NW:EXPO QUINCEAERA NW
503 432 0972
503 432 9122

VIDEOID:iXdHnbmJA88

VIDEOID:Wrh5-MueyHQ

VIDEOID:lGBUV1hrYtg

VIDEOID:lOa4f3SeFVE

VIDEOID:qslRGd0qd9M
EXPO QUINCEAERA NW:EXPO QUINCEAERA NW
503 432 0972
503 432 9122

VIDEOID:Hnj098XXLfs

VIDEOID:r7F97M-eL54

VIDEOID:Milnc_QKMiU

VIDEOID:FdIhR1NxR7o
Manuel Lopez:gracias por tu comentario juan!!!!
juan alvarez:yo pienso que tiene buen material
Luis Encarnacion:esta media un poco aburrida la msica y te falta el la mezcla, bueno hay 
una que otra buena 

VIDEOID:JnI69WrT8Wk

VIDEOID:hDbYJ6sidbg

VIDEOID:CwGwAA-44x0

VIDEOID:tRDPcJdrvJ0

VIDEOID:VjuFH0t3oW0
Giampiere Parimango:jijipilin rra

VIDEOID:WhfWqHv4RCg

VIDEOID:HnUcmhQ93fo

VIDEOID:hG_9biXRxIQ

VIDEOID:nR62jjKoO2o

VIDEOID:Jh54kMFmadY

VIDEOID:IADBxI-gtqE

VIDEOID:PUho3OUKfu0

VIDEOID:IVmeo68NUVQ

VIDEOID:m1D0xldEs0s
 :,  ,      
  .         
 .   ,    , 
    ,     .     
  ,         
.    .
Shushanik Khachaturian:   :)         
     "   
"  " " :))) 
Mikhail Bjorn:, , ,   , 
,    )))) -!!!
 :   ,       .
 :     .     
,     ,    -. 
     .       
     ,    
 -.        .     
  .    . !    !!!
Nikolay Vakulich: . ,  !
Big Boss:, ,     ,     
        ,    
     !
Jay Awesome Music:   ,   .     .  
        .    
 ,     . 
Delfinchik:,  :)  :)  :)
  :       !    
 ,        .     
  .
Life UA:   ,      
))))))))))))))))))))))))))))  , .
Sun Gta:))
Jon:  .      :
-  , ,      
.      ,         
.     ,      .   
    ,    ,    
       .,    
   ,     )))))  
-     .,,   
  .  .
Alex Targonski:,   .  . 
Artyom Tsetkhalin:    :)
pru sha:.     .
sakrat21vek:     ,   !!!
arat Muchamedjanov:     :)
 :   ,    ))) 
 : ,     ,    
,   ,  ,        

VIDEOID:ev5on-7BiGw

VIDEOID:8mUW54NzfHU
ProjectCarTV:

VIDEOID:XPY1pDcEjI8
iDeFoe34:Grande  Joseba. Qu pedazo video te has currado. Una pena no haber podido 
ganarla, y ms rabia me de en gente como t que de verdad siente estos 
colores a muerte. Ya sabes que el destino debe una al Athletic y Bilbao 
Basket y que pronto habr nuevas alegras. Un abrazo!
Jhonny Wolf:Como mola tio, aunque en el partido perdimos, la fiesta no nos la quitaron
BETI ATHLETIC!!
TheFenixHuman HD:Aupa Athletic, solo al ver estas imagenes ver asi Barcelona y como estaba 
la aficion en el Camp Nou ya se sabe lo grande que es este club. El 
Athletic no es solo un club cualquiera, si no es una gran familia que 
luchan unidos por los miles de corazones rojiblancos que les animan y se 
dejan el aliento en cada partido.
No ganamos la copa, pero seguiremos siendo el Athletic y eso no nos lo 
quitara nadie.
Xabatz:me da pena no haber podido ir, pero mi entrada era demasiado cara
JosebaHdeS20 // The Paradise!!!:EL DA QUE EL ATHLETIC CONQUIST BARCELONA

VIDEOID:XsCxzkLeR7s

VIDEOID:QZZAxjyhjCs

VIDEOID:nVyEROlHSrA

VIDEOID:4xiSiZR2f9A
beGLOBAL  bringing seoul to the valley:

VIDEOID:20603Acsxyk
Chiranjeev Thomas:This is great... this is how one is meant to learn . Rote memorization 
following a curriculum in schools kills curiosity and love for knowledge 
and understanding the universe ..  
Mrmoc7:Great talk!  I'm so happy for this guy!   I would've been him if I was in 
his situation.

Anyway, back to rote memorization of medical school.  No thinking required, 
no thinking encouraged, in fact, thinking is counterproductive to success. 
 Welcome to Medical education.   

VIDEOID:Fh0oMp35Kro
Ken Jacobsen:Do you have more footage?
Ken Jacobsen:This is really cool! 
Dan Brown:I just made this cool video from pictures I took in 1998.

VIDEOID:5owuTlDNBvg
Galina Furman:   !  !    ! ))
theWINGSofHAPPINESS:! 
Don Astro: :    *free samples*, ..  
   ,   .   
.
        
 ,    :

*The San Francisco Chocolate Factory*
http://goo.gl/maps/gIj43

  :
http://bridgebrandschocolate.com
     ,    c  online  .
radhitor:-  " 01"     ,   
 ,    )))
SiliconValleyVoice:  -   

VIDEOID:qvWU3hUoVho
How-Hing Pau:Make Your Case: Zone Revamp - City of Heroes Freedom - 2012 Player Summit

VIDEOID:aAgCVufHCTw
Joao Miranda:

VIDEOID:o-vBso2XXyI
Kyle Nelson:Greg is the shiznit 

VIDEOID:IR27O93TW44
leli official:Bravo blerina rrespekte je me e mira e te gjitha kohrave
Amir Khan:
Blerina Balili:Faleminderit shum te gjithve rrespekte
Bujar Kapo:BLERINA BALILI LIVE KRUSHQIT NE VALLE: http://youtu.be/IR27O93TW44
Bledi Cakran:
Emiljano Buziu:eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
manuela3519:Sa te besh femijet ti Kristi i ika ikur zeri haha :P
ntiamant suno:cifti jet te lumtur 
alberto tafa:Shum bukur....
Kristi Mehmeti:hallall Blerina,do te marr ne dasmen e cunave hahaha
Luti Shabani:
Hamdi Shehu:Vallja nuses 
Sxt Box:Te trashegohet cifti .Blerina tu lumt goja je me e mira nga kengetaret e 
jugut.
klodian bana:te lumet ajo goj ...
Mario Bici:Merooooo Anjaziiiii ... perfundimishtt legjendaaaa klarinetessss !!!!
albana elezi:jasu blerina likeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
durim gjeci:gedo birbil se te ka leset
durim gjeci:merja si tja marim merja ti tja kthej ne
DjHekurani Minaj:hopaaa shum e bukur 
Djomarras Athine:shum bukur blerina bravo cifti jete te lumtur

VIDEOID:CQZgSu6WzUI

VIDEOID:QN3cumZ05Sk
Dreamingmisss:!!!
 : ,     .   
! , ! 
 :! ! !
 :    -.    -   
))    ,        IT.   
      .  
        -.   
  ,     .    
,     ))     
,        . .
Oleg Eliseev:,  ,    ,     
 ! 
orlev74: ! !
Scarlett589:  ,      ,       
  .        . 
FireGlad:     ,      
?
dmitpit: ,  !)
VioletJewel:,  !  , ! ;)
Scarlett589:!   !   300   !   
 ,     ,    , 
       !   : " 
  -  !". ,      
    ? 
SiliconValleyVoice:

VIDEOID:7U0B7rQxZto
MaddyStream:,   China  12-30 .   ,    2 
,   ,    ... 
Albina Gioti:     , woot com    
  (    :))
mo-by:   ,           
.   ( )  6 .     
 ,     .
mo-by:  ,       
 .
Artem Trifonov:, ,          
    ,    ...
    ,   -        .
   ebay  100         
  -    (((
      
            
 -   ,        
...
ABBY -:        , ,   
.   ,        
,  ,     .  -  
!    ,   customer service,   
    ,  .   ups 
 usps,  ,      ,   . 
     :) , ,    
    - U2. :)    ,  
  ,   redelivery . 
Yura Petra:       .   
  .           
.    ?  -     
    100 , -  .
andreyko82:        " "  
 1500 .      ,  
,  )
MsIgori:,     " ",  " "? 
Konstantin Arsenyev:     -    !!!    
            
   . -      
  ,    ,        
 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
xartpant:   .   ,     ( 30 
   )       10 . , 
,       . ,   
    - 15    ,   .
 :  aliexpress,     ..  
2-3 ...  ( )
 :      ,  , 
 .   ,        
    .    ,  
     ,   ,   
       ...  , 
            
     .
SiliconValleyVoice:,     (  )    
.     -      
 (     )      
.  ,      -   
"",   (   ), 
  (        
 ,         ),    
       ,   
     ,       
 .
 2:           
 ?  , ,     ?
      ? (    ,  
   ,      , 
        -   ,  
    ..)

VIDEOID:uWPc1s63TCQ
 :           :))
 : :)
Ole Rujik:" "    
Bag full of crabs:,           
?       ? 
FFAMax:       :))
Vlidimir Pavlovskiy:  ,    =)
Halyna Buquet:!
 :   ,      ?
SiliconValleyVoice:7   -    -  , -

VIDEOID:Zk-R618jB54
FlexFlinstoned:Bout to watch this right now
john considine:its garbage, don't bother
RedPainting:It really seems like Adrian Grenier doesnt like this whole 
"circus"-promotion thing..
Joe Jimenez:The movie was entertaining X)
Lee Torry:4,247 views only? Hmmm...I wonder why? Oh and please stop putting this 
video in my related videos panel! This movie was a sack of crap!
importedmusic:Check out Mark Kermode's review of this shitty film. Nailed it to a T.
ishaq patel:wheres drama though
Atul Cash Sharma:Check out this video on YouTube:
David S:Movie sucked a bag of nuts
Talks at Google:The cast and director/writer/producer/creator of the summer blockbuster 
#EntourageMovie stop by Google to hug it out and talk about taking the 
characters we love to the big screen after 8 seasons as a hit HBO series.

See Entourage in theaters now!

Talk features: Adrian Grenier, Jeremy Piven, Kevin Connolly, Jerry Ferrara, 
and Doug Ellin

VIDEOID:l9joLoZOjK4
Blake Duban:Good content.  But could you please get rid of the "uptalk" style of 
speaking?  The presentation sounds unprofessional and downright irritating.
Winter Mute:
Grgoire Landreau:Great webinar! is it possible to get the slides somewhere?
audrey ang:thank you so much! great webinar.
TravelTheGlobe4Less:what is a typical bounce rate if there is such a thing? This is an 
incredibly useful webinar!
Cecilia P. Almazar:I find this video useful.  Thank you for sharing it with us. :-)
In The Word Ministries:Very helpful.  The instruction was easy to follow and provided a great 
foundation for understanding analysis of GA data.  Will review later after 
I get my first set of data. 
Graham McKenzie:Getting Started with Google Analytics Webinar: https://youtu.be/l9joLoZOjK4
Eduardo Silva:
FArhat KAinazarov:I have a question about "how many times were specific item searched within 
web?" what Google tool to use for to know about it ? e.g. I would like to 
know how many searches were made through the web regarding mountain bike 
within New Orleans? Alternative tool is wordstat from Yandex.
Piotr Brzeski:
Wening Cintron:Check out this video on YouTube:
CBC Digital Elements:Curious about Google Analytics? It is one of the most important things you 
can set up for your business. Learn more
jovin george seoexpertkerala:very informative 
Conseltek:Getting started with #googleanalytics   #webinar  
HOSTAL EL ENCUENTRO SAN LUIS LIMA PERU:Getting Started with Google Analytics Webinar: http://youtu.be/l9joLoZOjK4
Marketing Online - Negocios Rentables:Getting Started with Google Analytics Webinar: http://youtu.be/l9joLoZOjK4
AlkoSpace Inc:you can get some traffic info even from webmaster tools
Vatertheone:Dear all, i need some help:
The interphase shown in my Analytics is quite different from that shown in 
the video. 
I mean, when I go to "administrator" in the bottom I don`t see that square 
shown in the "objectives" section... I see 3 different sections, which in 
spanish stands for "account" (arrow pointing right) "property" (another 
arrow) and "View"
is there a way to match with what you are teaching, am I in another 
version?? which one is the lastest? and how could I make it match (or view 
a webinar with a similar interphase)?
Thanks 
vanderpf:Great video on Google Analytics. 

VIDEOID:s7KkSt7XZ80
Napoleon4778:Some in the audience seem clueless what a great musician he is!
Teto de Dios:"Joan McLaughlin"? Really! it is Google right? I'm not going to correct 
you, but I would suggest to "Google" it
Raymundo Flores:7flatG
Jon the chef Hole:The man can *play* very interesting chit chat at da Google.
So cool catching up with an   *old*    hero of yester year.
#Fusion   #Jazz  
Andy Bohm:Had a chance to visit with Al Di Meola a while back here at Google. It was 
a great day, a fun talk and a chance to meet a legendary musician.

+Jason Becker, I believe this may be of interest to you! We should've 
documented your visit... 
Boris Debic:After some legal back and forth - don't get me started on music and 
copyrights - the Al Di Meola talk is published now. Enjoy.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7KkSt7XZ80
James Fleming:Thanks for the invite and opportunity! Definitely one of the best 
interviews ever captured of  #aldimeola   for those who want to know more 
about his career and life.
lwnaALiraq:I like it......
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:lRRk97FYLJM
Joan Ton:Indian man shouts out..."FOUR MORE ROUNDS!" as I sit on the bench in...the 
pharmacy which also sells other items...
Joan Ton:Police men decided to give me anothe round of...Nuclear Medicine....
Joan Ton:Is it war of the trees now...because those trees are not doing well..they 
do not produce leaves...and neither does justa bout anything else that 
grows beneath them...
Joan Ton:degas...slashed diagonally...two...Fiat convertible tops...slashed...brand 
new...300 dollars each...Degas were...probably only copies...that is just 
the beginning...they are always following me around...
Joan Ton:SHUTUP>>....you godamn girl..did yous stricken..the guy with CANCER YET 
>>>>Happy GIRL?
Joan Ton:Maybe...you really want to go live in the high rise hotels 
yourself..Mexican...while the Earth falls apart...becasue the 
NIGGERS....were blasting the heat so my DAD would get off HIS HONKEY ASS 
WHILE HE WAS DYING OF CANCER when he decided to "retire"...
Joan Ton:Do you think anyone wants to visit your country now..Mexico..Dominican 
Republic...because...the items I bought there are no longer in my 
posession...
Joan Ton:do you have to go to the bathroom Larry...oh yeah..and I really mean 
it..will you both marry me? I am about both of your ages..maybe I am...
Frances Hung:We all have wings, but they have not been of any avail to us and if we 
could tear them off, we would do so. 
-Franz Kafka
"A belief is like a guillotine, just as heavy, just as light."
-F. Kafka
"So then youre free? 
Yes, Im free, said Karl, and nothing seemed more worthless than his 
freedom. 
-from Amerika by F. Kafka
The meaning of life is that it stops
-Franz Kafka
"The history of mankind is the instant between two strides taken by a 
traveler."
-F. Kafka
On his way up he disturbed several children who were playing on the steps 
and who looked angrily at him as he passed through their midst. The next 
time Im to come, he said to himself, Ill either have to bring candy to 
win them over or my cane to flog them.
 from The Trial
When Kafka read aloud himselfhumor became particularly clear. Thus, for 
example, we friends of his laughed quite immoderately when he first let us 
hear the first chapter of The Trial. And he himself laughed so much that 
there were moments when he couldnt read any further. Astonishing enough, 
when you think of the fearful earnestness of this chapter. But that is how 
it was.
 from Franz Kafka: A Biography (1960)
"Man cannot live without a permanent trust in something indestructible in 
himself, though both the indestructible element and the trust may remain 
permanently hidden from him. One of the ways in which this hiddenness can 
express itself is through faith in a personal god."
- Franz Kafka, The Third Notebook, December 7, 1917
"We are separated from God on two sides: the Fall separates us from Him, 
the Tree of Life separates Him from us."
- Franz Kafka, The Third Notebook, January 18, 1918
"Why do we complain about the Fall? It is not on its account that we were 
expelled from Paradise, but on account of the Tree of Life, lest we might 
eat of it."
- Franz Kafka, The Third Notebook, January 19, 1918
"You can hold yourself back from the sufferings of the world, that is 
something you are free to do and it accords with your nature, but perhaps 
this very holding back is the one suffering you could avoid."
- Franz Kafka
"Believing means liberating the indestructible element in oneself, or, more 
accurately, liberating oneself, or, more accurately, being indestructible, 
or, more accurately, being."
- Franz Kafka, The Third Notebook, November 30, 1917
"From outside one will always triumphantly impress theories upon the world 
and then fall straight into the ditch one has dug, but only from inside 
will one keep oneself and the world quiet and true."
- Franz Kafka, The Third Notebook, October 20, 1917
"Believing in progress does not mean believing that any progress has yet 
been made."
- Franz Kafka, The Third Notebook, December 4, 1917
"It is often safer to be in chains than to be free."
- Franz Kafka, The Trial, Ch. 8
"Tyranny or slavery, born of selfishness, are the two educational methods 
of parents; all gradations of tyranny or slavery."
- Franz Kafka, to Elli Hermann, 1921
"Anyone who loves his neighbor within the limits of the world is doing no 
more and no less injustice than someone who loves himself within the limits 
of the world."
- Franz Kafka, The Third Notebook, December 9, 1917
"From outside one will always triumphantly impress theories upon the world 
and then fall straight into the ditch one has dug, but only from inside 
will one keep oneself and the world quiet and true."
- Franz Kafka, The Third Notebook, October 20, 1917
Frances Hung:All knowledge, the totality of all questions and all answers is contained 
in the dog
-Franz Kafka
 We are sinful not merely because we have eaten of the tree of knowledge, 
but also because we have not eaten of the tree of life.
-Franz Kafka
Alas, said the mouse, the whole world is growing smaller every day. At 
the beginning it was so big that I was afraid, I kept running and running, 
and I was glad when I saw walls far away to the right and left, but these 
long walls have narrowed so quickly that I am in the last chamber already, 
and there in the corner stands the trap that I must run into.
     You only need to change your direction, said the cat, and ate it up.
-A Little Fable by Franz Kafka, 1917-1923
"I usually solve problems by letting them devour me."
Kafka, in a letter to Max Brod
"God doesnt want me to write, but I  I must."
Kafka, in a letter to Oskar Pollak
God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
-Franz Kafka
"I am a cage, in search of a bird."
-F. Kafka
You are free and that is why you are lost
-Franz Kafka
"No, it wasnt freedom I wanted. Only a way out; to the right, to the left, 
in any direction at all; I made no other demands; even if the way out were 
a delusion; the demand was a small one, the delusion wouldnt be any 
bigger. To move forward, to move forward! Anything but standing still with 
raised arms, flattened against the side of a crate. 
-'A Report to the Academy' by Kafka
"By believing passionately in something that still does not exist, we 
create it. The nonexistent is whatever we have not sufficiently desired." 
-F. Kafka
"Religions get lost as people do."
-F. Kafka
I do not read advertisements - I would spend all my time wanting things
-Franz Kafka
So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for 
the time being.
-Franz Kafka
 I can prove at any time that my education tried to make another person 
out of me than the one I became. It is for the harm, therefore, that my 
educators could have done me in accordance with their intentions that I 
reproach them; I demand from their hands the person I now am, and since 
they cannot give him to me, I make of my reproach and laughter a drumbeat 
sounding in the world beyond.
-Franz Kafka
We were expelled from Paradise, but it was 
not destroyed. The expulsion from Paradise was in one sense a piece of good 
fortune, for if we had not been expelled, Paradise would have had to be 
destroyed.
 F. Kafka
"So if you find nothing in the corridors open the doors, if you find 
nothing behind these doors there are more floors, and if you find nothing 
up there, dont worry, just leap up another flight of stairs. As long as 
you dont stop climbing, the stairs wont end, under your climbing feet 
they will go on growing upwards."
from Advocates by Kafka
"He who seeks does not find, but he who does not seek will be found."
-F. Kafka
"My life was sweeter than other peoples and my death will be more terrible 
by the same degree."
Kafkas Letter To Max Brod, July 5, 1922
"We are as forlorn as children lost in the wood. When you stand in front of 
me and look at me, what do you know of the griefs that are in me and what 
do I know of yours? And if I were to cast myself down before you and tell 
you, what more would you know about me that you know about Hell when 
someone tells you it is hot and dreadful?"
-Franz Kafka
"Either the world is so tiny or we are enormous; in either case, we fill it 
completely."
from a letter to Milena Jesensk
"The man in ecstasy and the man drowning - both throw up their arms. The 
first to signify harmony, the second to signify strife with the elements." 
-F. Kafka
"There is an abundance of hope, but none for us."
-Franz Kafka
"Even if no salvation should come, I want to be worthy of it at every 
moment."
from Kafkas diary, February 25, 1912
"What do I have in common with Jews? I dont even have anything in common 
with myself. "
-Kafka
"One must dare to dive and sink into the depths, in order to later rise 
again  laughing and fighting for breath  to the now doubly illuminated 
surface of things."
-F. Kafka
From a certain point onward, there is no turning back. That is the point 
that must be reached. 
-from The Trial by Kafka
My grandfather used to say: Life is astoundingly short. To me, looking 
back over it, life seems so foreshortened that I scarcely understand, for 
instance, how a young man can decide to ride over to the next village 
without being afraid that not to mention accidents even the span of a 
normal happy life may fall far short of the time needed for such a journey.
 -excerpt from Kafkas The Complete Short Stories 
"and in that recurring dream, I found myself trapped in some sort of 
gigantic game of which I was unfamiliar with the rules; lost in a 
labyrinthine town of dark and damp, criss-crossing streets, ambiguous 
characters of uncertain authority having no idea of why I was there nor 
what I had to do, and where the first sign of the beginning of 
understanding was the wish to die." 
-F. Kafka
"Logic is doubtless unshakable, but it cannot withstand a man who wants to 
go on living."
from The Trial by Kafka
"The truth is always an abyss."
-F. Kafka
"In peacetime you dont get anywhere, in wartime you bleed to death."
from Kafkas diary, September 19, 1917
"There is a goal, but no way; but what we call a way is hesitation."
from Reflections on Sin, Suffering, Hope, and the True Way
Celibacy and suicide are on similar levels of understanding. Suicide and a 
martyrs death, not so by any means; perhaps marriage and a martyrs death.
 Franz Kafka
"He is a free and secure citizen of the world because he is on a chain that 
is long enough to allow him access to all parts of the earth, and yet not 
so long that he could be swept over the edge of it." 
-F. Kafka
"All too often men are betrayed by the word freedom. And as freedom is 
counted among the most sublime feelings, so the corresponding 
disillusionment can be also sublime."
from Franz Kafkas A Report to an Academy
"One of the first signs of the beginnings of understanding is the wish to 
die. This life appears unbearable, another unattainable. One is no longer 
ashamed of wanting to die; one asks to be moved from the old cell, which 
one hates, to a new one, which one will only in time come to hate. In this 
there is also a residue of belief that during the move the master will 
chance to come along the corridor, look at the prisoner and say: This man 
is not to be locked up again. He is to come to me."
-Reflections on Sin, Suffering, Hope, and the True Way
"It is the old joke. We hold the world fast and complain that it is holding 
us."
-from The Blue Octavo Notebooks
A man was amazed at how easily he went along the road to eternity; the fact 
was he was rushing along it downhill.
-Reflections on Sin, Suffering, Hope and the True Way
"If I shall exist eternally, how shall I exist tomorrow?"
-F. Kafka
"Self-control means wanting to be effective at some random point in the 
infinite radiations of my spiritual existence."
-F. Kafka
"The cruelty of death lies in the fact that it brings the real sorrow of 
the end, but not the end. The greatest cruelty of death: an apparent end 
causes a real sorrow. Our salvation is death, but not this one." 
-F. Kafka
"In a certain sense you deny the existence of this world. You explain life 
as a state of rest, a state of rest in motion."
-F. Kafka
"Suicide is the prisoner who sees a gallows being erected in the prison 
yard, mistakenly thinks it is intended for him, breaks out of his cell in 
the night, and goes down and hangs himself."
-Franz Kafka, from the Third Blue Octavo Notebook
Joan Ton:Dear Sergey Brin....I have been to London too...and my University Studies 
began when I was 14 years old..and I have been...baptized Roman 
Catholic...and I ...er...would you like to marry me?...and...or will you 
marry me?
Vilarius Tonda:xxLarry Page and Sergey Brin are goregous men, responsible, intelligent, 
and innovative. Their faces and stories should be the high standard of what 
hard work, passion, and discipline will result in - an honorable amazing 
life that advances our world. lol fake
Bocconi Young Students Entrepreneurs:Google's mission is to organize the worlds information and make it 
universally accessible and useful
#google #storyofsuccess #startup
Joan Ton:Here is another challenge I face...avoiding ofr forclosure due to jealousy 
by others who want to buy my home...or try to weasel their way into getting 
it for ntohgin and telling me to...go join the Peace Corps...where they 
dump you or one...as in you...they dump you ina foreighn county and country 
and say...here dogggy there doggy here are your dog tags...army navy 
marines...go fend for yourselves..did you actuallyu think we pay anyone? 
gof make  a living out htere in the dserat or jungle and then come back and 
tell us about it....like in "COTE D"IVOIRE"...with Harrison Ford....River 
Phoenix..and supposedly River PHoenix died of drug overdose and River 
Phoenix was a young boyish  man type...who was about 20 or 20ish when he 
made the film and then...it was about...some old guy...who travels to 
Africa and then he...survives in the wild and then some local africans wage 
war on him and his ...development that he established for himself to live 
in....and let me remind you...Harrison Ford is an "OLD GUY" as in..maybe 
over fifty years old and over fifty does not have alot of ....energy to 
waste or...just give away everything you ever wroked fro to someone else 
and start all overa gain. again....
Joan Ton:Here are some math problems in my product pipeline:  figure out what the 
"markup" on forty percent off discount price makeup is...when one marks it 
back up to 100 percent retail price...and then on top of that..make 
decisions about other things..with the same probelms.
Joan Ton:Anyway...I am not trying to do any new math...just old things....
Joan Ton:Have you ever heard of New Zealand?  Well I sure haven't....because...I 
have only 'heard of'....Austrailia...and I thought WTF is the hellfucking 
name calling all about these days...because.....I had a globe which is a 
spherical (Volume equals....pi r cubed times h...I thinkee)  or maybe...but 
that is just the Volume..and anyway....not the ...surface Area.....but that 
might be another thing to....I don't know...words left untyped.
Joan Ton:I don't know if I enjoye anything after...my garden was destroyed...for the 
most part...which I won't describe how....
Joan Ton:I thought about starting a junk mail database....and I told 
my........husband's coworker...the same one who stated that while he was 
still a student he was asked first..."how much money do you 'make'?", and 
then he answered, "$80,000 dollars a year" and that was ....many years 
ago...and then everyone was mean to him.....and so forth....but when I was 
working in a Discount Hi Fashion disorganized Clothes Retail store...which 
is not considered to be corporate work but retail work...they practically 
chased me out...they harassed me so much...and I only made...or 'made" 3.35 
dollars US an hour....but...anyway...maybe my standard of living was higher 
than...the other guy because I lived in an apartment complex which had two 
swimming pools and one of the tenants there was a Japanese professor...not 
that he taught Japanese but that he was Japanese...and was a professor with 
a family..
Joan Ton:Furthermore....I'm from Harvard Medical School sounds like a threat to my 
existence...when some doctors say "I believe in Euthanasia...." and oh by 
the way...they are sometimes the ones who get to decide whether you live or 
die......because "good cop bad cop" is an old game...and if doctors can 
play it too..well I told myself when I was young..I will no damn fucking 
way marry no god amn hellshitin fucking M.D.

VIDEOID:z8wqS7VkAcw
Mani raj:The world is not only for I.Techs. There are some other better places as 
well. For an instance  http://www.myadvertisingpays.com/ref.asp?spon=111516. 
This one pays you every 20 minutes total 72 times a day.... Where else do 
you get paid like this ? Join for free .... I will guide you.
Daniel Vigil de Quiones:
Tobias Se:Yo.
Does anyone have a link for this video in better quality?
Murphy L:YOU ALL GOTTA WATCH THIS!!!
I would want to work here when i grow up!
I mean who would not?
AWESOME!
Rickelectro:his is not normal this is not capitalism
80arul:are you mad? let me guide you the awesome platform search panXCash
MickeysJunky408:+StormKidification yeah. I used to work there when I was 20. Google hires 
so many young people. Part of the book project. Randstad was the ones 
signing my checks but we worked with Googles proprietary systems and did it 
on campus.
Angelika Banghard:Das Thema "Arbeitsumfeld" sehr gut umgesetzt!
Youna Aboud:Google is awesome
Colleywoodstudios:i know its impossible for all companies to do this but damn some offices 
just need to be a little bit more fun. like ya dont need to have 
resturaunts but free pizza here and there would be nice
Nemanja Dicic:because its too expensive
Pulak Agrawal: Simply awesome working place GOOGLE!!! 
Benjamin Britman:Hello Guys after watching this video.I am earning cash more than 2500$ 
injust 30 days, using SOCIALMEDIAMANAGER.ALLALLA.COM
Shimon Doodkin:google +2kg
Hans Stephen Tang ():Working at GOOGLE
one of the best places to work in the WORLD

http://youtu.be/z8wqS7VkAcw
Hans Stephen Tang ():Working at GOOGLE
one of the best places to work in the WORLD

http://youtu.be/z8wqS7VkAcw
Keanu Nurherbyanto:Wait till you see the raptor pit
abby wylow:My account is going mental with $130 to $240 per day. Checkout 
ONLINEJOBSFROMHOME.UPHERO.COM
angel mcleod:love google they really care for their workers
Davidude:when job is better than your home..

VIDEOID:zihTWh5i2C4
Fynder Enlil:I'd love to see a conversation between Ray and Nicholas Negroponte
ankhaton:I like to give mathematical proof  of a fake universe which any actuarien 
will confirm.
I want also tell the WHY of existence of this and innumerable universes

1)
While the chance of winning the lottery generally is a one on 50 billion
the chance that you exist in your present form and situation is
9999 to the power of a figure representing all electrons in the universe.

So small is the figure that it is zero , so you don't really exist.

What phenomenon does this trick ?

Imaging for a few minutes that you are an all powerful, all knowing Eternal 
 Being.
What would be your desire - What would you want for your birthday. ?

The answer must be Love - that is ever increasing stream of Love
I don't expect here any alternative.


Solipsism or better SOLOPISM  :

To acquire , generate as much Love as possible
this entity creates a simulated entity which is still Him/Herself
witholding information applying amnesia.
The material for this creation comes from Him/Herself
because nothing else exists. It cannot be found "elsewhere"
 
My axioma here is  that when successful , when this plot indeed will 
increase the quantity of Love
S/He will immediately duplicate this without ever stopping.
Why should She/He
Ever increasing Love

So each stone, each bird, each galaxy, each planet, each sun, animal or 
human is this Doer
temporary handicapped by lack of information

Quintessence  ( not religious; juste common sense :

What is Love ?

Anybody who has felt it will agree that it is the most desirable stuff ever 
experienced

It is also the ONLY stuff that duplicates itself in a person when giving it 
away.
Specially ( speaking for humans only this time ) its compassion without 
agenda.

When it duplicates itself in the giver exponentially
some very poor  empathy-wise poor guy with a half nanogram of such 
compassion
and giving it away and repeating that act several times
will very soon be richer than Warren Buffet , compassion-wise
So, . . it is also the item that makes us all equal
The reader understands that free vaccins for later profit DO NOT count and 
work in the other direction.

Next, even in the beginning a special environment around and IN that guy 
will 
increase
1)
Everybody one or several times in his life has a serendipity in his life
special occurrences, we think random but how come, . .
like an answer you see on TV , the exact moment you had the question

Those will also multiply enormously - giving a safe feel, you are aware 
that a force is with you
2)
Those who are compassionate (vg) with Love for all creation around 
will start hearing above their eyes a thrilling sweet tiny super sweet 
vibration like sound
One hears it all the time to the extend that you feel attracted and  do 
more associate
and even place yourself mentally in that beautiful sound
and discover really that you ARE that sound

Heaven is not a time or place but a state of consciousness

What we have here in this tiny big bang spot is a zillionth of a universal 
processus
a universal law which makes sure that each particle
each meson or quark , each entity, each human will come
back as Love energy

There is some differentiation in time .

Some take a nanosecond to return, others take a trillion big bangs

There is a collateral advantage :
Yet you identify yourself as being this unbelievable music inside of your 
body above your eyes 
you know that you will never die
The sweet vibration will increase forever

Another advantage is our children
Meat eating being CO2 producing twice as all other sources
each steak is a dagger in our children via the climate

NOW
The Quest for Heaven is identical as saving the human species.
Grandfather_Din_Racket:My criticisms below should be seen as 10% difference from Kurzweil's view. 
He's right about *almost* everything. However, @1:11:38 "The SOPA 
legislation was headed for certain passage, but within hours it was dead." 
...AND NOW, THE ORGANIZER OF THE RESISTANCE WHO KILLED IT (Aaron Swartz) IS 
ALSO DEAD. HE WAS THREATENED WITH YEARS IN PRISON AND COMMITTED SUICIDE, 
DUE TO PROPRIETARY CONTROL OF RIGHTFULLY PUBLIC TRIAL/PRECEDENT 
INFORMATION. IT DOESN'T MATTER WHETHER LEXIS NEXIS WAS "AHEAD OF THE CURVE" 
THE COURTS HAVE NO RIGHT TO KEEP THE INFORMATION SECRET! 

Technology systems are cybernetic systems. Systems that fight for justice 
are in continuous conflict with those that fight to maintain and expand 
parasitism and tyranny. Both cybernetic systems have access to technology, 
the government with unlimited funds, the people with unlimited innovation 
that (sometimes) cannot be bought. Without recognizing government coercion 
as evil, Google unwittingly becomes a force for evil.

Philosophical decisions must be made, there's no way around this.
k98killer:Brilliant guy, but he got a few things wrong. First, neural networks have 
come a long way since he gave this talk. Now, LSTM networks/neural Turing 
machines are the major brains behind NLP. Google Translate, for example, is 
a series of networks that can each translate a human language into a series 
of vectors representing meaning, share them across a neural interface, and 
then translate back into a human language. Second, dinosaurs didn't go 
extinct: tens of thousands of them fly around to this day. Birds and 
mammals survived the K-T event because they were adaptable. If you look at 
corvids, they have language skills that far exceed that of all non-human 
apes; they have more advanced skills in making and using tools than most 
apes; and they are able to teach others in their flocks about things, 
perpetuating knowledge through multiple generations. Corvids have a very 
different brain structure without a neocortex, but their evolutionary 
history converged upon the same abilities. It is unfortunate that he 
dismissed both neural networks and non-neocortical brain structures, but he 
will probably change his opinions.
Nugg Nugg:evil bastards are gonna fuck the human race over. A.I gonna wipe our asses 
out. go fuck urself google.
Tyler Dennis:Am I the only bothered by his crooked glasses?
sharpshooter740:29:11

Someone reiterate this for me in a way that makes more sense.
sophareth camsonne:How create mind
jayaybe1:I wonder if college bookies have an over / under line for how many times 
Ray says his favourite word ; )  Hint: it begins with E  : )
Ellery le pain:
Ellery le pain:
Max Payne (MaxxxMad):
some like the son:Intelligence is growing exponentially?  Not on this planet. The trick was 
to make you believe in their lies. There is and will never be anything new 
under the sun and if you disagree, then you are unable to work out why I'm 
saying this and it's your false ego that's been convinced and not the real 
you.  These men and women of renown are truly lost.. and they will always 
take us with them.
nvy ns:Its amazing , I had learned a lot 
Greg Wilde:Talk about exponentials!
Bob Boyle:How can you create something that's formless with form?
SeanMauer:What concerns me is the idea of authorized knowledge.
Tomasz Skaba:Awesome talk.
superjaykramer:Keep on taking your pills Ray! (If you know ray you'll know what I'm 
talking about) and start innovating not just regurgitating same old shit
superjaykramer:Ray always talks about the same shit, repeat, repeat, repeat.. btw. He is 
copying everything from jeff hawkins.. HTM's anyone??

VIDEOID:ifDCmRBElPY
Dorji Wangchuk:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifDCmRBElPY

Guy Spier talk at the Google Campus
Sharath Sreenivas:I want to become a Portfolio Manager some day and my faith in the industry 
has just been restored. Truly wonderful talk too. If I knew his address, I 
would have definitely sent a 'thank you' note!
Paul Scott:An inspirational book Guy, that reminds people what matters in life. Well 
done.
Ezra Crangle:54:41 He meant "Alex Bossert"
Jose Ignacio Zapata Marquez:
Praveen Veeragandhi:
49fiori:you are not Warren Buffett, because you are not willing to go into the grey 
area of business to make that extra mile. Warren did that at one point in 
his career.

I am for value investing, but the growth investing must be there too. If 
everything would be value investing we would never have any of the 
companies we have today. Jim Walton was not a value investor, nor was Henry 
Ford, nor was Steve Jobs. --- "Value investors" use other people's success 
to call themselves "Value Investor" - there is something odd there. 
49fiori:Guy, that the risk of being original, much more happiness, truth, beauty, 
and wisdom will come to you that way. You even copy Warren Buffett when you 
talk. You need to be original. 
49fiori:there is no need to read this book if you have common sense. 
Scott Morrison:Guy, thank you for writing this book. It is fantastic!
notorious546:

VIDEOID:xtlhAZwZOiw
Steve Chipman:Since Debbie and John featured an iPhone in a recent video, the following 
is not complete heresy:

The equivalent for casting Google Slides with an iPhone plus Apple TV - 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icK83S1DvBM
Marcel Klaas:Wow that girl looks realy happy.... what is she so happy about?
Maria Logunova:Great video, thanks! You can also enjoy feeds from Youtube, Twitter, 
Facebook, Google+ and Instagram as a continuous slideshow on your 
Chromecast TV with RollOnBy App. https://rollonby.com/
Gabriel Marticorena:Debbie and John I will be in Googleplex since 31th aug to 2 sep give me the 
oportunity to know you
Nicholas LB Braden:Cool, but could you fix the Google Cast and Google Cast (beta) Chrome 
extensions so they don't disable themselves as soon as you enable them? 
Lots of people are having this problem, and it means that it's not possible 
to cast anything.
Matt Pool:Wayne, how does it not support small business? We use it in a startup I am 
a part of that is launching this fall... and we have three employees. It 
makes life SOOO much easier, ESPECIALLY being a small business.
Wayne Johnson:So disappointed Google Apps no longer supports small businesses!

VIDEOID:4z_mPT_OqwY
Isaac Tanner-Dempsey:The ability to change all events in the calendar rather than the default 
for newly created events is much needed.
Reyengine:doesnt work with the birthdays
thimyo Aung aung0/19:
mark shirley:This does not change the notification default (the bell) at 15mins every 
time i create a event I want a default of an hour it just wont do it.
toasteh:I have never understood why, if you get a notification in youtube, click 
it, click somewhere else, IT DISAPPEARS, AND YOU LITERALLY HAVE TO START 
SEARCHING YOUTUBE FOR THE ORIGINAL VIDEO AND SCROLL THROUGH COMMENTS IN 
ORDER TO REPLY! I don't need to be told 'Im all caught up!', people treat 
their notification system almost like an email inbox.

Furthermore, why are the options (when commenting) via Google notifications 
not the same as when commenting normally? I literally have to click the 
video, wait for it to start, click the Youtube icon ON the video, scroll 
through a range of comments to find my own, and then click reply in order 
to enjoy all the options...

Genius Google, just genius.
Atilio Medina:Calendar uses email notifications to let you know of changes to an event. 
You can also setup pop-up and email reminders for you upcoming events. In 
this video we look at how to setup the default reminders, individual event 
reminders and email notifications.
Gare Calhoun:3 minute video on how to get emailed or SMS'ed entire Calendar 
notifications or individual Event reminders ...
Shivaami Cloud Services Pvt. Ltd.:#Google #Apps Calendar uses email notifications to let you know of changes 
to an event. You can also setup pop-up and email reminders for you upcoming 
events. In this video we look at how to setup the default reminders, 
individual event reminders and email notifications. 
Google Calendar Notifications and Reminders
Robert Knox:My company posts a Google Calendar of our upcoming weekend events. Is there 
a way to have customers RSVP to these events and receive automated 
reminders?
juba hsar:thats good 
Guilherme Routar:Lies!! It's available for EU as well :D 
Cloudypedia:How to setup your *Google Calendar notifications* and *reminders* :) Enjoy!
:GoogleGoogle
Olivr Molnr:Ismt egy-kt tipp
CloudTouch:Google Calendar just doesn't get enough coverage. It's not glamourous or 
sexy but it is so, so useful. #googlecalendar
Juan Carlos Sierra R:Calendario utiliza notificaciones por correo electrnico y por sms para 
hacerle saber de los cambios en un evento
Zsolt Jnoska:
omayma al-ahmadi (omayma AR):
Michael Pace:......F@H

VIDEOID:lj39HWwriM4
kimaya kulkarni:what's the name of the song she performed here?
josieposie22:9:22 on being 'seen'. her story about her Mom.  Love it.
Cable Installer Sydney:Google need to take a leaf out of your book & make sure not to be evil.
Unless I pay Google, my business doesn't show up despite my niche market.
I think it's ironic Google getting Amanda to speak to employees.
Maybe perception is all it needs.
Marisa Musso:Great question about feeling sheltered in the tech world and wondering how 
to find different people to connect with. I'm not in tech, I'm different 
than you and and maybe we can be friends. Will someone connect me to the 
person who works at Google and asked that question? Thanks.
Matthew Wilder:People who are endlessly self-appreciating are tiresome.
Sunando Samaddar:She's so fucking REAL that she makes people waste their time being critical 
about her being that too in the form a silly comment on YouTube.
Lokman RAHMANI:A great artist!
We really need more people like her to *rescue* today's art.

In the IT side, she pointed out to two major barriers to make internet the 
ultimate place for open creativity - as it should be-: (1) how to deal with 
haters and (2) find a dignified ways for funding artists/creators
Thanks Amanda!
Christopher Sweetman:Worth wading through the first 4 minutes. There are some challenging 
thoughts about the repression of women and the way computer programmers are 
regarded.
Darris B. Nelson:Amanada Palmer is far more courageous than I am, and way more creative and 
successful but I have to admit that I did not like her persona. That was 
until I dedicated 42 minutes to listening to her. I wasn't sure I was going 
to watch this past the first 2 awkward minutes but glad I did. The story 
about her mom was touching and inspiring. The stories about Brandon and the 
piano store owner are so good for us to hear. I'm glad Amanda is speaking 
about this. I'm not a big fan of crowd-sourcing for already established 
artists but the beauty of crowd-sourcing is that we have choice. I'm 
getting her book. I already decided to after listening to Jason DeFillippo 
(Grumpy Old Geeks).
monika hardy:
kinn grimm:i liked her moving anecdotes she presented and she has a very kind and 
natural way which i also find admirable. The title of this talk on the 
other hand "The Art of Asking", i could not get the reference to work in 
any sensible way.
Glossy Queen:What a fantastic talk. No more hesitating to just take the fuckin donut(s)!
 :A nice one! Really enjoyed it. 
Damsel289:Started a bit slow - but it's a stellar talk. Tremendously enjoyed it, and 
am about to order Palmer's book. 
Ann Farmer:The full version of Amanda Palmer's talk at Google on November 20, 2014
Talks at Google:The full version of Amanda Palmer's talk at Google on November 20, 2014

VIDEOID:3Y4bh1qwTJw
CloudImpulsion:T en Madrid, los comerciales en Pars, y el encargado de marketing en 
Bcn?. Fcil: trabaja de forma colaborativa y comparte informacin en tiempo 
real con #GoogleDrive. Infrmate cmo hacerlo en este corto video de 1:38s 
con subttulos en Espaol. 
www.cloudimpulsion.com
jan neha uuu:
Panda Computer:Have you start using the Google Drive for your business? Ask us more about 
it.
Lakshman T.C:
Fasawang Pattanapichet:
Lauren Lee Gould:Been doing this for years !! I love #doingGoogle
Wening Cintron:#Business #connections #Businessengagement   #Communication  
Nebu Abraham:An Simple awesome happy mood video on Google Drive....
Royal LePage Performance Realty:Royal LePage has Gone Google! If you're wondering what Google Drive can do 
for you, watch this video to learn more:
 :  Google Drive 

kasun abaywardana:You're going Google! Google Drive lets you store, edit, and sync all your 
files across all your devices. Everything is backed-up and available when 
you need it.
ISETR Google Club:
Wening Cintron:How Good is your Business Performance, Security and mobility? 
http://new.googlepartnerconnect.com/Home/enrollment
Philip Golan:How Good is your Business Performance, Security and mobility? 
Wening Cintron:How Good is your Business Performance, Security and mobility? 
http://new.googlepartnerconnect.com/Home/enrollment
Wylie Digdon:
Phuwanai Wannasorn:Go Google Now! with Google Drive!!!  Access your files from everywhere and 
any time. Check out the video!!!
Noui Isada:Go Google Now! with Google Drive!!!  Access your files from everywhere and 
any time. Check out the video!!!
Noui Isada:  Google Drive 

cotxe11:This is an awesome tool, thanks!

VIDEOID:r-8KV_GurLY
Enkidu Gilgamesh:I like George Friedman, because he is honest, experienced, clear sighted 
and has vast perspective!
Enkidu Gilgamesh:Learned enough about history.
Thanks to George Friedman!
Mr.Stargazer:Pride. The fault in Europe is pride. Even as the European Union falls to 
pieces they can only wildly point fingers.

It can never be on them to fix it. In the USA we look on and ask why Europe 
is so divided?
We are told how it is the pinical of civility and progress.

Now I see all that Haye was only just under a mask as it falls apart.

I am southern a son of Dixieland. I would die or suffer hardship to help 
the Californians. I guess it is reality. This is reality where we are 
forced to hold this planet together.

Fuck you guys. After reading these comments Fuck you guys. When your homes 
burn you will have only yourself to blame.
Alex Mills:the world through the eyes of the American

thisaccursedman:Bear in mind, in 1991 this guy was forecasting a 'coming war' between 
America and Japan. I wouldn't invest anything he says with too much 
credence.
Ana Venta:EUA ILUMINADA AND WOLD NO MY HARDWARE POLTICA...
Ana Venta:OBAMA RACISTA...
Patrick Bucher:You don't have to like the guy, but listen carefully to his warnings: 
Europeans have to watch outor something really bad may happen. He knows 
much more than we do...
MrJohnbatist:what a pile of disgusting zionist cow-dung propaganda.
Peter Tth:Friedman is todays Machiavelli and that is it what this wolrd need! Good 
jog George!
Jonathan Kilarab:so ein bser Mensch. 
Jonathan Kilarab:Friedmann will be very sick. Bad karma. Very bad


Jiri Klouda:
Dagmar Grossmann:
DEEP PURPLESychrov u mnichovo hradiste eko vesnicka
Pascale Bertier:Great conference, no matter you like the man's ideas or not.
Tudor4398:So Europe was and is very violent. America will solve everything. (For 
example it sends guns to Ukraine) Extinguishes the fire by throwing gas 
into it. What he didn't tell is that if a war is favorable for America, it 
will be started. At some times he was very honest, in others he either lied 
or spoke untruths.
SonnySalvador:George Friedman is a Zionist Jew a fear monger a war monger and he and his 
masters want to see Europe and the whole world destroyed just that their 
Greater Israel can be established and another word for that is NWO.
Rune:They' ve changed!
mrvn000:This guy is beyond awesome :-)

VIDEOID:phPpKMf8XuU
Brad Prellwitz:My fuck... they seem to almost get it, but don't. Don't waste your time 
watching this.
Lord Humungus:Shuttle forward as the bloke who does the introduction is boring 
Lucrazon Global:"Bitcoin represents a monumental paradigm shift that will transform the 
social, political and economic landscape." according to Paul Vigna and 
Michael J. Casey http://qoo.ly/54sx5
Steve smith:Crypto Currencies became popular when confidence in the US dollar and other 
hard fiat currencies started to wane, specifically 2008. If or when another 
big crash happens, gold, silver, other metals and crypto currencies will 
become even more popular than ever.

The bankers are calling for getting rid of cash and going to digital 
currency right now as of 5/13/15. When they accomplish that, the crypto 
currencies will ascend to even greater value as people realize that the 
digital currencies controlled by the money powers are nothing more than the 
fiat currency of the past.

People will be looking for alternatives to the money powers offerings and 
crypto currencies will again become more of an alternative.
xcvsdxvsx:This second gentleman has no idea what he's talking about. A "centralized 
blockchain" makes no sense. If its centralized there is no need for blocks 
or a chain. You could organize the data in a chain of blocks if you wanted, 
but it would be entirely superfluous, and once you remove the blocks and 
chain you just have a traditional client server model with the server 
maintaining a traditional database.
antonio cerveira pinto:great talk
Jonatan cruz valderrama:So, that's like the google official position on the subject? We don't like 
anonymity and we don't like the coin, but we would love coins at 30$? ... 
Not-gonna-happen. ;)
Much Bitcoin:The Age of Cryptocurrency | Paul Vigna, Michael. Casey | Authors at Google
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phPpKMf8XuU
MrPikaPwnage:Screw off. Settle on a place after killing millions of natives as genocide, 
pollute like crazy until the land is so bad that you have to manufacture 
chemical nutrients just to grow your own food, leave livestock toxic shit 
everywhere because your people need cows and pigs, trade destruction for 
destruction and you share the profits, then you say you want even more so 
you try to promote digital wealth that's just taking advantage once again 
over people who aren't aware of your schemes. Gtfo
Gabriel Vine:Will be fun when the first large corporation to utilize "permissed 
blockchains" (i.e. password-protected databases) for important business 
contracts is easily hacked in a way the Bitcoin network never could be, 
since they're not secured by a valued token, but by the same fallible human 
opsec that gets compromised every day around the world. That company's loss 
or even collapse as a result of placing trust in an untrustworthy tech will 
be the death knell of this particular fantasy.

However if they're just used as a slightly upgraded database tech to which 
no automated trusted processes are attached, there may be a simple slight 
increase in efficiency behind the scenes of companies. Which is far from 
"disruptive" or "innovative" but rather "incremental."
Asif Hazrat:Neither of these guys know much about bitcoin or the blockchain. I feel 
stupider after watching this. People don't care about privacy? Bitcoin 
needs the approval of government? lol wtf? Don't listen to these clowns.


These guys should not have a seat at the table. Bitcoin is not for them.
MoneyHop.com:Bitcoin's Past and Future by Wall Street Journalists

Paul Vigna, and Michael Casey are reporters for the Wall Street Journal.  
They also co-authored the book, "THE AGE OF CRYPTOCURRENCY: How Bitcoin and 
Digital Money are Challenging the Global Economic Order".

This video is a good overview of the history and community of Bitcoin, and 
the potential future of the value transmission network.

Especially interesting is the philosophical underpinnings (centralized vs. 
decentralized) of an open, bitcoin-based blockchain, and a centralized, 
corporatized, permissioned blockchain.
CombatLegsVIDS:I was just noting caution to my fellow people about the dangers of crypto 
currency. I did not promote the dollar as the best currency. Printing money 
is horrible as well but at least it has a steady valuation and traceable 
transactions. If anyone ignorant enough to invest in BitCoin can go right 
ahead. You will live and learn. Watch the "Rise and Rise of BitCoin" 
documentary.
Michael Keating:The trust in bitcoin does not come from personal knowledge of individuals 
involved as much as in comes from the open source and technology.
Bitcoin Rat:thanks for this talk guys - The Rat is smiling
targetpro:Not a great talk, but at least he's got the right idea, which puts him in 
the <1% of journalists at this time.
piprod01:Buttcoin
Alex Millar:"The whole thing grew in a very organic way"  ... and continues to do so!  
Great speech Paul!
CombatLegsVIDS:Beware. Do your research on Bitcoin. Like anything on a shared digital 
network, crypto currency is susceptible to hacking. BitCoin is dangerous 
because participants are essentially anonymous with no way to trace a thief 
and lost Bitcoins.
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:lavBiH1tRLg
William Diaz:Ive seen one at Ferry Building in SF, and I was like "That's not supposed 
to be here" and the guy just looked at me.
hartley81848184:This is why collectivism doesn't work without a brutal justice system in 
place.
Jean-Marie Ricci:cheap ugly bikes made in china's labor camp not your best segment, 
Stanley...
k1nGzSt3r:so dumb google have all the tech they have and knowledge  but cant create 
simply solution. such as locking them and can only be activated and unlock 
from a google workers ID card. so if a bike is missing it can be track to 
the previous rider.  
YoYO Semite:GOOGLE should offer these bikes for sale, I'd buy one just as a novelty. I 
saw them when I was in Bay Area, and saw how easy it would be to 
permanently borrow one, but that is really stealing. GOOGLE should sell 
them, engrave the persons name they sold it to on the frame and components, 
might reduce thief of their bikes as well.
Chris Rasmussen:I'd buy one if some bike shop sold them from a company making ones for 
"legal" sale. I like the paint scheme. 
roundingcorners:if they don't care about their bikes, why should we?
Mjanedude:Lol, who else went to ebay?
Tonny Vang:now how funny would this be to spot them in lets say new york or florida 
lols... 
Kandi Klover (Fursuiter Furry):I've seen these at long beach lol good to know where they come from
Brian B (dizzyb84):Who cares, Google makes so much money in there corporation to care about 
some missing bike. If Google really cared about there bikes they would 
track its and put better security measures on them.  
counkev:You know what, this could all just be a publicity stunt by Google. 
mojaveman:Does Google have that much money to burn? How about sending these bikes 
over seas to impoverished nations who use bikes as a sole form of 
transportation. Just my 2 cents.
AWMIGHTY:Who cares? 
Bizmo Humperdink:If it doesn't belong to you, don't take it.  That rule has never changed.
Spokker:Hahaha

"Do you work for Google?"

Have you seen their diversity data?
Preston Golden:Google's "unintentional" bike giveaway program....
I guess a few bikes lost would mean nothing to such a huge corporation, but 
what happened to the conscience of the people taking/selling them?
jcsxyz2005:What did you do Stanley?   You just inform thiefs where to steal bikes.   
Mmmph....maybe I will see some of these bikes on the flea market. 
Mazxlol:i think google dont care. FREE advertisement for them!
Absaalookemensch:Free stuff to give entitled animals the opportunity to loot, vandalize and 
tear down society.
Feed animals and you encourage bad behavior.  Feed humans and they become 
self sufficient.  And these animals bite the hands that feed them.  Require 
animals to work for their food or starve and they suddenly become 
civilized.  But the ACLU will drop down like a plague demanding more 
entitlements for animals so they can ruin the world.

VIDEOID:pywF6ZzsghI
Knapweed:I think he focuses far too much on individual human intelligence, which is 
rather missing the point. Collective human intelligence, i.e. Society, is 
far more intelligent and productive than the greatest of individual human 
minds. Clearly, individuals such as Newton, Einstein and Bohr jumpstart a 
particular concept, however, within a generation, these minds are surpassed 
by Society's ability to incorporate and cross fertilise these ideas with 
other fields, taking these concepts and finding entirely new applications 
to benefit mankind.

The problem is, this process is hampered by greed and self-interest, 
although these qualities may well have been the initial impetus that 
motivated the original research. I think the singularity will occur when 
self-interest is no longer the dominant force that drives creativity and 
innovation and the collective mind of the whole planet works towards a set 
of goals that benefits us all. Currently it benefits only a few to the 
exclusion of the vast majority.

Currently, world hunger and poverty is an artificially created nightmare. 
It is easily within our capacity, both intellectually and technologically 
to end both and yet we don't. Even if we create machines that are more 
intelligent than us, they will merely be used to maximise the profits of 
the creators and builders at the expense of the masses. 

I believe the singularity has nothing to do with machine intelligence and 
everything to do with a shift in human consciousness, using machine 
intelligence to benefit mankind as a whole. Unless we achieve this shift in 
consciousness, it won't matter how smart machines become, mankind will 
still go down the tubes, albeit more rapidly. Working together, I believe 
we could reach the stars and earn our place within the Universe as an 
intelligent species.
atlien991:The problem with all of these talks in this genre is that they pretend 
oppression, colonialism don't exist. They discuss things as if the 
hierarchy of the world is somehow natural. And that technological progress 
won't be affected by the hierarchies that exist. I NEVER see/hear any of 
these people mention these things.
Alexander Einstein:ca  u say ur point in 20 words
Steve Sharp:I think it may be impossible to solve the control problem. And if that is 
true chances are high that we are alone in the universe.
Bruce Conner:Nothing but a whole bunch of misguided people thinking that 
superintelligence will help benefit humanity. There is really nothing 
beneficial about superintelligence, these things are nothing but doomsday 
weapons that will eventually ruin the lives for every person that is on the 
planet. I just hate how "experts" are so ignorant that they think they can 
control superintelligent machines to serve the benefits of humanity when 
what they are really doing is creating their own ticking time bombs. These 
companies attempting to create superintelligence really needs to have a 
bomb dropped on top of them to let them know how sick we are of their 
unchanging ignorance.
Charlie V:The Theory of Computation tells us that no man can calculate any more than 
the recursive functions that every computer can.  AI conferences need to 
invite Mathematicians to set them straight.

Sony, Toyota and Honda have lots of robots.  AI professors have none.  AI 
conferences need to invite industry to show them how.

AI people are washed-up science fiction writers who have been fantasizing 
about robots since the 1940's!
ivan hector demarez:It would be more intelligent to translate it in Dutch, Spanish,German and 
French too.
Thankx for your attention to languages because it helps  :-)  Ivan-Hector.
David Cox:postulate #superIQ with the power of millions of human brains is already 
here.
Search engines are artificial
they combine, almost instantaneously through social media, the resources of 
millions of minds.
I contend we already have a self-aware #superIQ in the form of man / 
machine symbiosis.
I,@davidfcox, am a but a small part of the self-awareness section.
Starlighter:Time travel is a black bulb.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronology_protection_conjecture
Veronica Chiaravalli:
Brian Orr:Hard to understand since Mr. Bostrom doesn't explain terms/words I at least 
have never heard before. But, this was an incredible talk on an incredibly 
important subject, so thank you Google for promoting it.
David Krueger:Kurzweil's objection is IMO the best objection to Bostrom's analysis, but 
there are fairly strong arguments for the idea of a single superintelligent 
entity emerging, which are covered to some extent in Bostrom's 
Superintelligence (and, I believe, more fully in the literature).  The book 
also covers (less insightfully, IMO, IIRC), scenarios with multiple 
superintelligent agents.  This is a fascinating puzzle to be explored, and 
should lead us to ponder the meaning (or lack thereof) or identity, agency, 
and individuality.

The 2nd guy (anyone know who it is? looks familiar...) raises an important 
meta-ethical question, which I also consider extremely important.  Although 
I agree with Bostrom's intuitions about what is desirable, I can't really 
say I have any objective basis for my opinion; it is a matter of a 
preference I assume I share with the rest of humanity: to survive.

Norvig's question is also important.  To me it suggests prioritizing what 
Bostrom calls "coordination", and prioritizing the creation of a global 
social order that is more widely recognized as fair and just.  It is also 
why I believe social choice theory and mechanism design are quite 
important, although I'm still pretty ignorant of those fields at this point.

The 4th question assumes the cohesive "we" of humanity that Kurtzweil 
rightly points out is a problematic abstraction (and here Bostrom gets it 
right by noting the dangers of competition between groups of humans, 
although unfortunately not making it the focus of his response).

The 5th question is tremendously important, but I completely disagree that 
the solution is research, because the current climate of international 
politics and government secrecy seems destined to create an AI arms race 
and a race-to-the-bottom wrt AI safety features (as Bostrom alluded to in 
response to the previous question).  What is needed (and it is a long shot) 
is an effective world government with a devolved power structure and 
effective oversight.  A federation of federations (of federations...)  And 
then we will also need to prevent companies and individuals from initiating 
the same kinds of race-to-the-bottom AI arms-race amongst themselves.

The 6th question is really the kicker.  So now we can see the requirement 
for incredible levels of cooperation or surveillance/control.  The dream is 
that a widespread understanding of the nature of the problem we face is 
possible and can lead to an unprecedented level of cooperation between 
individuals and groups, culminating in a minimally invasive, maximally 
effective monitoring system being universally, voluntarily adopted.  What 
seems like perhaps a more feasible solution is an extremely authoritarian 
world government that carefully controls the use of technology.

And the last one... I admire his optimism.
danz177:Intelligence is the solution, but that intelligence needs to be shared by 
all parties. It doesn't help to have a highly intelligent group try to 
reason with one idiot with a gun. The idiot with the gun, needs the 
intellect to understand and come to the realization that shooting other 
humans, who themselves share the same consciousness he does, is like 
shooting himself. Once this is recognized the idiot with the gun, puts the 
gun down and that potential threat is neutralized. So, yes, super 
intelligence along with social empathy and spiritual understanding are what 
is needed to move beyond this ego driven individualistic approach we 
utilize today.
Cameron Booth:That last question wrapped things up quite nicely hahaha
Ray Wing:as we get smarter so will our technology. imagine if someone told Alan 
Turing he was creating an evil godless monster and then burnt him at the 
stake. today computers are invaluable  tools for searching the internet to 
find our favorite porno site.
FichDichInDemArsch:Whatever his credentials might or might not be, this man cannot write a 
book. I had to close it after the first chapter since he does not obviously 
understand the topic well enough to explain it properly.
SteveHovland:I was first interested in AI in the 1980's.  Having looked at a few big 
name university videos, I don't think that much has been done since then. 
 I see no real reason to think that computers will become smarter than the 
smartest humans.  Beating chess grand masters does not constitute 
broad-based super-intelligence.  Show me the computer that can beat a team 
of bright humans on a broad range of problems.  Non-algorithmic problems, 
inspiration and non-local consciousness will continue to be a problem for 
machines.  The people who warn us about this are in roughly the same class 
as those who warn us about the threat of Jade Helm :)
schalazeal07:The last question was the most realistic and funniest! XD Nick Bostrom got 
taken aback a little bit! XD

Learnt a lot more here about AI!
Transhumanist Party Australia:

VIDEOID:h5RqYotnlaE
Michel Castonguay:Amazing video. This is why we need to go to space.
Patrick Boeuf:Mind opening ! Many thanks.
G.G. M.B.:very intersting...thanks for the video, keep up the good job!
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:18UXkFWA6Ak
Erika Kayne:Lol at all the salty white people in the comments outraged at a black 
organization. Get a life. 
Domoneak Rucker:How do you not remember a show you were on for 6 years? Weird. And also 
someone asked her to sing tomorrow on one video.., she didn't know the 
words... Bad memory
Mychaeltodd Mtr:My reply to: Frank Panek 1 year ago
black googlers?i'll bet if i made a white googlers show i'd be a racist 
right
My response: No FRANK YOU WOULD NOT BE A racist if you did a white Googlers 
show- you would be vindictive racist. 
jerica jones:Brandy really don't remember her Moesha days cuz Brian McKnight was never 
on her show. The girls is getting her confused with Sister, Sister. 
Regardless I just LOVE the mess outta Brandy ! :)
ibringthereals:Did you find out what was in the note that Whitney Houston handed to Brandy 
while sitting with Clive Davis shortly before her death, just upstairs from 
the perverse occultish religious mass? 
DarkwaveDuck:I think she should do a mixtape.
shahid atahar:love your music
Denimh20:Does anyone notice Brandy is in a jacket and the other chick is sweaty like 
shyte!!!
Michael Porter:When you become the minority and get excluded based on how you look then 
you would not be racist. But I think the best adjective to describe you is 
ignorant. Get over your white guilt. NO one is checking for you! White 
people who are not racist do not have time to comment on YouTube. Get a 
life and go troll on Reddit and 4chan.
Frank Panek:black googlers?i'll bet if i made a white googlers show i'd be a racist 
right
lezzyup2flii:Rip Merlin Santana!
Latrell Wigfall:Ummm...Brandy needs to rap again...her raps were good...I didn't see 
anything negative on it...it just wasn't exploited...I mean...it was hidden 
on a Timbaland album...I love Timbaland, but ummm...yeah...if she was on 
Jay-Z's album or something, it would've gotten more press...
Latrell Wigfall:I agree! I love Two Eleven, but I'm ready for another album...with some 
writing by her...I know she can write...
King Alejandro:Yeah Slow Love was a little weak which is probably why it was never 
released. But Beyonce and Brandy I believe are friends via Kelly Rowland 
and there is a rumor going around that Brandy is working on a 2014 album so 
let's keep our fingers cross that both Kelly Rowland and Beyonce will be on 
that album. 
Latrell Wigfall:Yes they should...didn't like Slow Love that much...I see you're a Brandy 
lover too...
King Alejandro:They did work on a song together but it was never released. Look up "Slow 
Love" But I agree they should do an official song together. 
King Alejandro:Something that stood out to me is @ 8:20 when she says that she did not 
write any of the songs. This stood out to me because I feel like she is a 
great singer and the album is great which is true. But I feel like if she 
actually wrote a few of her own songs it would be a hit and you will be 
able to feel the passion alot more because it's real and sincere because it 
was straight from the heart. 
Annie Jules:Great & Fun Interview! I love this side of Brandy!!! 
Song Bender:"you can rap to me later" she tried it 
YaBoiTweety:Im glad she knows that we will let yall have it! #Starz Gotta love 
Brandy.... i mean... how kould u not?

VIDEOID:4yZJ0cNik4U
Gopal Prasad:Thanks for your Explanation 
Balaji B:but it us showing  in prograss but it is not taking print plz give 
suggestion
 
John Moyers:Genius! he make it so clear!
Elkilani Maliuna:nice one
Bob Le:Like cloud print. I can type up stuff on my tablet and print them
Ian McCully:
Ian McCully:Excellent thanks for sharing, please keep sharing tips thanks again. 
iGoldeneYe:Excellent Video. Straight to the point. Thank you.
Adam Jacob:Good work and well explained.
Blueisherheart21:hii i have a problem. I start to use google cloud print and everything 
worked find till i tried out to print something from an other laptop... and 
now everything i want to print is queued.. i cant print anything from 
cloud print.. how can i fix it? 
Rubens Onofrio:Thank you very much! Excellent tutorial. Clear and efficient.
TechonsTutorials:Indian Shit
Terrance allen II:not a good mobile app for this but found one called Cloud Print by Paulo 
Fernandes 
dmnc_net:okay, easy scenario - my home printer is general TCP/IP printer, I can add 
it to the cloud but I have to let my computer online to print directly (or 
start printing after powering on my system)? Pitty that only Windows 
printing and not CUPS...
Hasan Raza Jafri:thanks. its very informative video and i get the idea how it works actually.
Myhhyn Ally:WOW!!tthis video is brill!! :D thank!!! 
bozo:thank u my friend
Aayush Agrawal:Amit someone stole your 101 most useful websites! I didnt know how else to 
contact you goo gl eWRsM those are the theives put the dots and slashes 
cause youtube doesnt allow links...
sphakrrokr:Can it also print from CorelDraw ,Photoshop softwares directly or 
indirectly (that is uploading the file manually)?
Artur Torres Pereira:@labnol just wondering, does the printer itself need to be connected to the 
internet? that is, does this work on non wifi/network cable enabled 
printers? because all my printers are still not wifi enabled and i am not 
managing to print anything.. Thanks..!

VIDEOID:C2ko5VUmJ0k
Andy Lee:Is there. A replay for the one of chasui vs Cicero? Or at least a build 
order of chasui' build? I want it ;-;
raymond palazzo:i would watch poop coming out of a hydra's butt if day 9 was casting it <3
HaoXuan Li:Day[9] I got to masters in SC2 WoL from listening to your strategies. I 
love your analysis so much. Please do some for LOTV.
varianceTV:I miss SC2 from Day[9]! More content, please!!!!! :(
Alexander Mill:Oh my god... I already gave up on you, I thought I failed in you Sean... I 
thought we will not see you until Legacy of the Void Launch day in Sc2. But 
you finally returned! I am proud of you. -VoidSeeker aka -WaffleP
Jian Pang Lam:Noooooo Mantric.... stop the droning bro!!!! u losing as much as u building 
lol!
Kevin Andersson:Wtf, he still uses Bill's room as a background XD
Roseanne !:I would have liked to watched the prelude to this, like the semi-finals. Is 
it located in his website or something?
Christopher Burgess:Sean: "Here's two options, which is correct?"
Amazon captain's answer: "Yes."

...
Rees Page:I have missed starcraft videos with day9.
George Costanza:Has to get rotti in because he doesn't know metas in SC2 anymore.
Martin Lazarov:I just do't understand. WCS is on, why not analyze that? I'm still very 
happy to see Day9 make a starcraft video.
Alex Gambrel:Day9's triumphant return to starcraft (albeit a short one)!

VIDEOID:EdRV8ccyEE0
GameDev Oleg:The best storage medium is DNA
GameDev Oleg:re: Mars question, this pop ups everywhere. For space, I would send a robot 
to build my shelter, and every other system for convenient living such as 
food, water and power. I can not see humans working in those hostile 
environments of space at an efficient scale. When robots that build your 
habitat, this idea is scalable, and it can be sent to other planets with 
even more hostile conditions then Mars. The challenge for Google and any 
other robot companies is to build robots that can build habitats out of 
sand, rock or whatever material is available on the surface. Its amazing 
nobody is doing this now and in order for us to be a multi-planetary 
species, this will have to be developed eventually. Wish SpaceX will hire 
me, I can model out some different habitat designs. Everything else can be 
3d printed. That bootstrap would be easy.
GameDev Oleg:With electrification, and redundant systems for energy storage, renewable 
energy combined with on-demand battery storage for backup during power 
loss, these fears of collapse would not happen on a massive scale. You see 
this today even with catastrophic natural disasters in some areas of the 
planet, there are systems built in around that disaster area to contain a 
spiral decline of every system failing all at once to affect the human 
population on a large scale. Yes local disasters will be inconvenient, and 
knowledge of being prepared can be useful, but re building tools for 
shelter, food, clothing or just fulfilling the basic needs is truly not 
needed if the world still stays in a state of abundance and robots with 
humans keep increasing the supply of things.
Jaii Raph:16:44 Burning Metal & Starting Fire With Smoke Alarms
Jaii Raph:9:30
Catalin Rizea:Very interesting. Thanks, Lewis.
Rickey Bowers:Can we get a Minecraft 2.0 based on this! :)
peter tuann:somebody ask, how many people do you need to recreate society?  one? 10? 
 100?  1000?  what specialists do you need ASAP?  farmers?  metalworkers?  
Zavatari:Very interesting, and I'll buy the book; however, my feeling of sadness 
about your scenario is how far back we are if we can not preserve the 
theoretical fundamentals of Physics, Computing, and Electrical Engineering 
as well as math.  As you said, you can't write a text book on these things. 
 But even the room full of very smart Googlers could probably not 
reconstruct the theoretical fundamentals of technology.  Loosing that sets 
us back so far that it is sad.
KiloSierraAlpha:Finally a GREAT talk from Authors@Google. 
   :Kolla in det hr videoklippet p YouTube:
rob ben:
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:UX28ZvBX1fs
TheJonnyPerera:My guess is he is Aaron Kleiners son, making him the son of a fellow MIT 
student with Kurzweil in the 60s who went on to co-found and manage a 
number of Kurzweils business and generally remain a close friend of his.
Paolo Traisci (EppiGroup):Natural language - Artificial intelligence 
valinor100:The hat is distracting. Fucking hipsters.
Xiclotrode:why is mr.kurzweil constantly twitching his nose? not that i mind it for i 
am just being curious
Jay Smith:I think Ray was thinking about what else he could be doing for the entire 
interview...lol. Maybe it was the hat.
conmadigan:Ray is good but this interview is terrible thumbs down.
conmadigan:"2 months"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Are you listening?
Kalepherion:To me, AI, will cross the bridge when it can create humorous interaction. 
Dry regurgitation of situational phrases, well, we have plenty of 
politicians already.
chris hob:youtube voice search please
Richard Zhong:It's not nervous,I think he has rhinitis.
stuckinastairwell:hm, might just be the circumstances of the interview (like it being some 
side thing and not really his main focus of the day) 
Igor van Gemert:Interesting talk, understanding language is on thing. Creating a mind is 
really the next step. It would be very nice to challenge this neural mind 
with challenges described in horizon 2020 EU.
Mark W:It's going to be an interesting few decades.
Benjamin Blandin:Where's the link to help funding GSP 13? 
MR3LIXR:you + cocaine + lack of intelligence= a dumbass statement like yours
Gracefully Insane:I always see poor Ray get stuck with interviewers who are a bit green 
perhaps, which is a tragedy because of the importance of his work.
ketchup:I think it because of the chair, he does not sound nervous?
nosnam420:Ray Kurzweil + GOOGLE-X = SKYNET it's the start of the Terminator 
Jrgen Christoffel:Short and interesting interview
Keyvan Oskooi:
Another moonshot project 

VIDEOID:z19-6tvGSq4
Ozzie Peck:fail at cabling 
Anbarasan A:
soapmeridius:PII... nice chip you got
Th0ms0n3:Still more powerfull than my PC ! :D
EsyRulZ:@hvtxvsh Yup this website is just giving out free Black Apple iPad 2's for 
today only. You have to be living in the U.S though but it's legit, I 
claimed mine just before. Get in quick! bit.ly/U38xQi?=apxjn
twanliel2:bullshit Larry Page story, Google was invented and sponsered by Nasa, wake 
up!
Tom A Weststrate:The First
Nattanon Dungsunenarn:Pentium II 
barakquiel gosh:Bravo
TheHalflife123:ur stupid
Bull Strength:what a g-gmilf
Parker Rund:-Museum worker *plugs into the internet.*
barakquiel gosh:Yes, and your point is?.. 
AtariFTW:I wonder how much porn is on those hard drives lol
AtariFTW:So you are comparing your computer to something built in 1999?
ulfmusskacken:well thats a shit load of cables going on there :DD
TheOutsider04:Pentium II FTW! :D
Rohan Sapkal:now tat all fits into ur tablet pc 
barakquiel gosh:my PC is faster than that and has more memory I bet LOL!
marcel911:Just think, many of my early searches went through that server :)

VIDEOID:FiApF-76YBA
Mageshwar Medak:This is how invasion of a BOZO (Jonathan) look like,  and  have spotted a 
HIPPO (Eric) here. :)
Felipe Chierighini:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Andre Junior:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Andre Junior:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
ERD TLM:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Stephen Scully:
w3 ros:<a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23google%2B">#google+</a>3sm
Josh Reed:Early days of Google....check it out :)
Kevin Navarrete:Too funny.
Atul Tejwani:hahaha...seems like a fun place to work..... Kill the smiley
jeremie ngo:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Bogdan Bashynsky:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Aleksandra Savic:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Suhail Javed:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Jyothirmai jyothi:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Pawe Rola:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Artur Zakharyan:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Mike Mento:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies
Anabel Fabrizia:Cultura corporativa funcional :)
Javier Romero:In the early days of Google, every new employee got a smiley helium balloon 
to put in their office. This was fun, and made it easy to spot the 
Nooglers. Then a certain head of products (+Jonathan Rosenberg ), decided 
that he could accelerate the Nooglers' entry into the company by popping 
the balloons.  

As you can see from this video, made by a concerned Googler (Wesley Chan) 
back in 2003, we tried many tactics to stop the carnage and even considered 
starting a new company (balloogle?) to develop Jonathan-proof smiley 
balloons. In the end, it was the video itself that did the trick. Humor can 
be a very effective way to get Hippos to correct a wayward course.

This video has never been published outside the company. Enjoy!

#HowGoogleWorks #culture #fun #google

www.HowGoogleWorks.net

How Google Works: Jonathan Rosenberg Rampages the Smilies

VIDEOID:OSEkM4okFu8
Ruth Beane:Cisco has done an amazing job at increasing productivity, work/life sat, 
and freeing the roads of congestion through enabling their global teams to 
actually use the tech they sell. I'm guessing that a huge percentage of us 
have jobs which can easily be done from home. This is especially helpful 
when working collaboratively with global teams. Cisco has even equipped 
some of their buildings with a receptionist who is located 
remotely--Someone walks into the lobby and the receptionist comes onto the 
Telepresence screen and assists. It's a great user experience, it makes 
personal and biz sense, AND it's "green".
Jeremy Hoffman:I&#39;m on YouTube! This was my first time hosting a guest speaker for a presentation and Q&amp;A and luckily it went really well. I&#39;ve gotten really passionate about this issue of smart city planning and I wanted to help educate people.<br /><br />My fellow housing advocates and I will be canvassing and flyering in Mountain View for the five short weeks between now and the election. Mountain View is small enough that we can reach a good chunk of the electorate, but big enough that we can&#39;t do it by ourselves. If you&#39;re interested in donating a couple of hours to the cause on some weeknight or weekend, let me know.
MV Voters for Housing Diversity:The Bay Area's housing and transit problem: why are rents high and commutes 
long? You will learn a lot in 35 minutes if you watch this presentation by 
an expert on these issues, Egon Terplan of www.spur.org. Before the Q&A, 
host +Jeremy Hoffman and others speak about how you can get involved with 
efforts like MV Voters for Housing Diversity and Campaign for a Balanced 
Mountain View.
Egon Terplan: The Bay Area's Housing and Transit Problem - Talks@Google

Watched the video? Want to do something? There are five short weeks between 
now and the November 4 elections. We need people to spread the message. MV 
Voters for Housing Diversity has endorsed the three candidates who we feel 
are the most qualified and most credible on the issue of Mountain View's 
jobs-housing balance: *Ken Rosenberg, Lenny Siegel, and Greg Unangst.*

We urge you to do your own research to decide which issues are important to 
you and which candidates you support. Your neighbors need to hear from you. 
If you support some of the same candidates that we do, we are going door to 
door to distribute flyers, and we need more volunteers if we're going to 
reach most of Mountain View in the next five weeks. Email 
mvvotersforhousingdiversity@gmail.com if you're interested.
kevin christy:i have achieved a small success, The Beat "Rough Rider" as a background to 
Egon Terplan's Talks@google. while population is a subject, how population 
happens was not disgust but it was @RoughRider i hope Egon is not 
disappointed in me, i liked this Talks@Google MUCH.
slayerwulfe cave
kevin christy:i stopped at 1:02 only to make a comment, it's location & transit, not 
housing & transit because that is a mind set.
slayerwulfe cave 
Jonathan Mayer:
Shai Barack:Very interesting. Bay area folks, get informed!
J.R. Luppold:Very informative on topics often discussed by folks who live in the bay area.
Dennis O'Brien:Egon Terplan speaks about the problems of housing AND transportation in the 
Bay Area.  This is a fascinating talk backed by data at every point.
Ian Goodfellow:The Bay Area housing and transit problem, summarized: Egon Terplan: The Bay 
Area's Housing and Transit Problem - Talks@Google
sriram venkataramani:Egon Terplan, Regional Planning Director at SPUR, describes the factors 
that are shaping housing prices and commuting patterns throughout the SF 
Bay Area. 
Talks at Google:Egon Terplan, Regional Planning Director at SPUR, describes the factors 
that are shaping housing prices and commuting patterns throughout the SF 
Bay Area. 

VIDEOID:VOMcvlmNtJY
Geeky Cloud:I love making my presentation on GApps. Its been 2 years now since I used 
powerpoint.
Christian Zehetmeier:Maybe it's not available in all regions
Martin Brossman:It looks interesting and I find this cutesy video too little information to 
understand what is it and how to use it. Please provide more 
information!!!!
Guillaume Dupuy:Doesn't work here sadly... I press the presentation button and the 
presentation loads instantly without giving any other options.
Eduardo Prieto Cubells:I can' t find Hangout anywhere on my slide. ..Help. .
Pertho Chowdhury:perthopc
whitestboyalive1:Awesome, now, if only Hangouts was updated to 4.0 (I won't hold my breath)
Harry Jung:what? it didn't support hangout before? ;)
Abdullmjeed Al-Adel:Man, thats awesome

VIDEOID:lOqHWLcDs18
Green Schools Alliance:The ability to read DNA has changed how we view ourselves and understand 
our place in nature. From the largest oceans, to the insides of our guts, 
we are able to explore the biosphere as never before, from the genome up. 
Sequencing technology has made the invisible world of microbes visible, and 
biodiversity genomics is revealing whole new worlds within us and without. 
The findings are transformational: we are all ecosystems now. Already the 
first efforts at 'barcoding' entire ecological communities and creating 
'genomic observatories' have begun. The future, the authors argue, will 
involve biocoding the entire planet. @Google 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOqHWLcDs18
Bill White:
Hussain Fahmy:The existence of God is the proof in the complexities of the Universe we 
live. 

The mapping of the genetic code, known as DNA, is probably the most 
important scientific breakthrough of the new millennium. 

Mapping the chemical sequences for human DNA, the chemical letters that 
make up the recipe of human life; is a breakthrough that is expected to 
revolutionise the practice of medicine by paving the way for new drugs and 
medical therapies. This discovery has lasting physical and spiritual 
implications. A direct link can easily be found between the building blocks 
of life and the Creator of the universe. Mankind is fearfully and 
wonderfully made, with a hidden code within the cell of every life. This 
code is the alphabet of DNA that spells out the Creators name and mans 
purpose.

(This is) a Scripture that We have revealed unto thee, full of blessing, 
that they may ponder its revelations, and that men of understanding may 
reflect. (The Noble Quran 38:29)
MrPikaPwnage:Am I the only one who feels, when hearing about "scientists" which breed 
animals to their own choices, which take animals out of their environment 
and alter their lives or simply mutilate them, which manipulate them into 
skinner box lives to study, which at all change the environment or animal 
which, so far, have been specifically trained solely for for 4 billion 
years nearly to fit together like perfect puzzle pieces, that these people 
should be fought off or had things done to them which should prevent their 
invasive deeds. Every time I read an article of a creature which has been 
tested on I get the slight urge to gather alcohol, gasoline, and some 
bottles (or crack open that old book, Anarchist's Cookbook, surely the war 
is worth stopping terrorists of nature's specific designs) which to 
vigilantly stop their destruction and torture of life.
Talks at Google:The living world runs on genomic software - what Dawn Field and Neil Davies 
call the 'biocode' - the sum of all DNA on Earth. In Biocode, they tell the 
story of a new age of scientific discovery: the growing global effort to 
read and map the biocode, and what that might mean for the future.

VIDEOID:CUkigQ8YH-Q
Gabriel Marticorena:Debbie an John I will be in Googleplex since 31 august to 2 september 
invited by Google Partners, I want to know you :D please send me a message.
Michelle Brown:How to Use Google Apps Marketplace | Add Ons, Integrations | The Apps Show
Fronde:Be sure to watch the latest Apps show video!
Insightly:Check out The Apps Show on how to use Google Apps Marketplace! 
http://bit.ly/1D6OyK2
Micah Gaudio:Best Show On YouTube!
Eric de Groot:
Jeroen van de Pol:
Bart Zuidgeest:
Yik Sheng Lee:
Erick Rojas (Geek):Echa un vistazo a este vdeo en YouTube:
German Rivero:
Daniel Vo:
Sharon Mcmichael:
Sharon Mcmichael:
James Kimbley:Shame about the referral plug at the end. As an authorised reseller we'd 
normally share and promote these videos with our users as there very 
helpful, but won't with this one. Please don't make this a on going trait. 
As it kills the value of these videos for resellers. 
ASESORTECH LA:
Renier Chico:
Carlos Edgar:
Vincenzo Cuomo:Guarda questo video su YouTube:

VIDEOID:fMsXjmUKbBE

VIDEOID:ofOSkBAU5GM
enoughofyourkoicarp:WHY HAVE I NOT SEEN THIS BEFOREOMFGBACONWAFFLES?!?

"Hey, Sean, will you be doing SCII again?" *facepalm*

If only I'd known. -.-
Elio Lewis:Gotta love how Sean's health insurance joke just fell completely flat to 
the European. Roti, you have no idea what we go through here. No idea. :-)
EliteHaunter:when he said 8 months in the beginning i believed for a sec that he was 
referring to his last sc2 related video.....
FatFreeIce:I think it's funny that one of starcraft core elements is to murder the 
innocent gatherers, they are like the citizens just trying to do their day 
job. 
Andstuff1000:good of Chashui to back up his shit talk
Day9TV:This video is now available in 720p here: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2ko5VUmJ0k
- Janitor
thedudeabides:I love that Day9 projected himself into Bill's house for the Mostly Walking 
fans!
mike ze:Hell, it's about damn time.
Fierze:Man, its been so long. Glad to see Sean going back to his roots, even 
 though it might only be for one video!
Kian How Tan:ChaShui, Beautiful play :')
FourPanda:I would love to see more StarCraft 2 dailies from Day9.
Chunt Rover:480p?
Weszer0:Day9 voice on starcraft, it feels sooooo right. I just hope it will be more 
often :) Holy shit so happy !
tosh salt:Here it is. SC2... and we've got Starbow on friday too.
Mike Humm:Star.....Craft... I can't hold back the tears. It's beautiful.
Logan Vanhoy:Here in my garage...just bought a new Lamborghini, fun to drive here in the 
hollywood hills. But you know what i like more than materialistic things? 
Knowledge. Which is why i bought 7 new book shelves, and 2000 new books. 
Cause you know, thats not materialistic at all.
Boredom_Incarnate:Day9 does starcraft stuff.

Me: Hell, it's about damn time.
TimeTravelKiwi:StaaaaarCraaaaaft :D 
I really miss Funday Monday
Yutai Satake:Day9... StarCraft...
Tears of Happiness

VIDEOID:zKwSg7OyvoE
erkan ender Soylu:Both atalhoyk and Gbeklitepe were Turkish and Alevites(With fully 
developed religion).There are many,many evidence for these there.The Turna 
birds holly for alevites,The watch your tongue,sperm,hand statues,The 
Alivite sema dancing pictures,the don't live for your penis picture 
etc.Also Turkish flag,the bull horn and a star.But you are not allowed to 
talk on these,do you?
nukhet yavuz:thank you for your work youve done so far on representing archeological 
funds,cultures and how we lived...ive always found the structure of the 
houses and even some totems very similiar around the area of old 
houses,with 'dams' where the roof of one house gives way to the entrance of 
another in my hometown hadim...interwoven,that is to say...i also bought 
your book the leopards tale 2006 because im not just interested in 
archeology but also think people now and then  have lived in similiar ways 
until recent years...unfortunately modernization,getting away from our own 
cultures and nature is killing traditional ways of our ancient lives and 
how our ancestors lived...but i can say,im lucky i experienced that part of 
ancient culture before modern houses with roofs came up...i even found 
simlilarities in mexican ancient roofs and houses similar to 
ours...definitely think those roofs and cultures and the common practical 
usage of them have many things in common.regarding ancestry,even 
language...
Ahmad Javaherian:
Talks at Google:Notes from the dawn of civilization.

VIDEOID:PJEmi4Y2zwY
woreyour woreyoure:what is the darude sandstorm in around 6:12 till 7:50?
MadSnake123:Lol, for a second i was like...Day9 casting DOTA?
Gunnar Karotte:I know it is only because of AHGL. But still: DOTA2 on Day[9] channel, yay! 
:)
Alexander Aramaki:Dota coverage on Day9's channel??? wtf SMOrc
MrLordAzkar:Is Blaze okay? Looked like he was about to burn up behind the camera there. 
Anyway - great casting!
Protokai:day 9 is doing dota now? when did this happen ?
Murf Mutt:sup

VIDEOID:3Ntn0H332Es
Raymond Heggheim:Googlin like a hooligan!
constance jennings:I'd title this Cultural Song if it was up to me.
Joseph Wherrett:dolan pls
SuperRuckaali:Dolan is a meme search dolan on google
Zoran Taylor:Frankly I wouldn't be surprised if Reggie's whole discography and 
performance history could be assembled into one continuous, coherent story 
or set of ideas, like Zappa with his Civilization Phase III and the like. 
Of maybe he just wants you to believe that....
Kurspeh:Dolan is a meme
deathbonker:The difference, you idiot, is that the math Einstein did is still correct 
whether you think it is or not. Once again, this bullshit is subjective, 
it's only good because you think it is. The only thing this dude has proved 
is that the people who like this, are stupid. You're right though, standing 
there with a loop machine is basically the same as coming up with the 
theory of relativity, great comparison. - is it possible for you to lose 
more? 
HikariSangatsu:I suppose that it's just an opinion that Albert Einstein and Michio Kaku 
are and were brilliant theoretical physicists then; I suppose that it's 
just an opinion that Neil deGrasse Tyson is a brilliant astrophysicist and 
science communicator; and I suppose that it's just an opinion that Richard 
Dawkins is a brilliant English ethologist, evolutionary biologist and 
author. These men have proven themselves as brilliant with their work, and 
so has Reggie Watts. I pity you for not seeing that. Gtfo
deathbonker:He's a brilliant comedian: Your opinion. He's more talented than me: Your 
opinion. Now you have demonstrated you don't know how to use two words 
properly. I keep coming back? You mean you find it funny that you commented 
on a year old comment. I came back to set your dumb ass straight, which I 
have done. You're right though, I think I'll find a psychology major to 
confirm what some idiot on youtube said. You are so stupid, it hurts.
HikariSangatsu:Those are not my opinions. Ask any psychology major with a brain and you'll 
get the same damn answer. Reggie Watts does what he does to make people 
laugh, and by definition, that makes him a comedian. I find it funny how 
you keep coming back to this video after a year JUST to piss people off. I 
suppose people like you thrive off of it. Well, my indulgence in feeding 
trolls is done for now. Hope you get whatever it is making you so cruel 
fixed :/.
deathbonker:Right, except those aren't facts, those are your opinions. Your whole load 
of shit comment falls apart when right after you give the definition of a 
word you use it incorrectly. Your stupidity knows no bounds.
HikariSangatsu:"Ignorant adjective Lacking knowledge or awareness in general; uneducated 
or unsophisticated." You are ignorant of the fact that Reggie Watts IS a 
comedian, and a brilliant one at that; you're also ignorant of the fact 
that he is more talented than you will ever be. He uses his talents to 
confuse and disorient people during his performances with touches of humor. 
He also mocks different cultures and their ways of thinking in a very 
light-hearted manner. For Odin's sake, make better choices.
deathbonker:Actually, you can't be ignorant about this video since the content is 
subjective. So you don't know the meaning of ignorant, pretty ironic. Have 
fun in your helmet.
HikariSangatsu:Actually, if you look really close you'll see I'm calling you an ignorant 
asshole. But you know, have fun in your little bubble :).
deathbonker:You mean I'm correct. I already knew that.
HikariSangatsu:Somebody's envious~
deathbonker:Once again, how does that change the fact that your attempt is a poor one? 
Oh, it doesn't because you're a retarded bitch. You were done before you 
started, idiot.
Pink Guy:It shows how lame your fucking comments are and that i'm done with you, 
fucking loser.
Pink Guy:poor attempt at it? you keep saying "bitch" at the end of every fucking 
comment you type, wake up dick face..
Pink Guy:i'm not talking shit, i'm replying to a fucking moron who can't shut his 
dirty ass dickhole.

VIDEOID:ccn5w1GVzcw
Valentina Vallinotto:
JellyFlea Creative:What company doesn't want to be more productive and make collaboration 
easier? See what your business has been missing out on without Google Apps 
for Work: https://youtu.be/ccn5w1GVzcw
JellyFlea Creative:What company doesn't want to be more productive and make collaboration 
easier? See what your business has been missing out on without Google Apps 
for Work: https://youtu.be/ccn5w1GVzcw
Grow Marketing:Reliable real time communication tools by Google Apps for Work allow us to 
stay connected and increase productivity.  Listen to our story and learn 
how +Google for Work Apps have helped us #WorkBetter . 
Productive Computer Systems:*Google Apps* for ANY size business

This video shows a company with a number of employees.  It still might be 
considered small semantically, but certainly isn't a mom-and-pop shop. 
 Yet, everything they're doing is something that can just as easily be done 
by a single-person company and that's what a lot of really small businesses 
totally miss out on.  They can collaborate with their vendors and their 
customers - easily.  They can improve efficiency by 30%, as in this 
example, or possibly even more and certainly reduce their expenses.

These are some of the ways how #SPECzone  members benefit from their 
memberships.  If you're interested to learn more - please take a look at 
the #SPECzone  Collection (https://goo.gl/lwbvDb).
Marie Cornellier:*Google Apps - quick case study.*
*Improving productivity by 30%...*

#googleapps   #googlework  
Stanton PC Repair & Sales:*Google Apps - quick case study.*
*Improving productivity by 30%...*

#googleapps   #googlework  
Adel Brown:<b>Archimedes gave us the law of leveraging objects, Google gave us the tools of leveraging knowledge.</b>  <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/106964592707225909201" oid="106964592707225909201">David Khorram</a></span>
ASESORTECH LA:
Gabriel Marticorena:
Wening Cintron:<a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Marketing">#Marketing</a>
Tom's Professional Painting Services:Always very good information
martin shervington:*Google Apps - quick case study.*
*Improving productivity by 30%...*

#googleapps   #googlework  
Erick Rojas (Geek):Echa un vistazo a este vdeo en YouTube:
Vincenzo Cuomo:
Darren Button:
Vercov Consulting Ltd:Grow Marketing is an experiential marketing agency that crafts 
award-winning brand experiences for their clients. See how they use Google 
Apps to create and execute flawless live events.
Wening Cintron:#Marketing #Business #SellersInvestors
Bart Ettinger:*How Grow Marketing uses Google Apps for Work*

Grow Marketing is an experiential marketing agency that crafts 
award-winning brand experiences for their clients. See how they use Google 
Apps to create and execute flawless live events.
Ian McCully:

VIDEOID:TOQh9P9YWjM

VIDEOID:ZIxG3jWBgBE
Brahmaji Patnala:Knowledeble&Entertaining!
Ricardo Blanco (Mr. White):To SysAdmins everywhere, from +Ben Fried and all of us at Google for Work. 
#SysAdminDay 
DimusTech:Thank you too!

VIDEOID:tRtxG-JUe-c
  :

VIDEOID:WgKx-zxK0b0
Mistr Anderson:Google forces you to pay for this service. I don't know why..
Shivaami Cloud Services Pvt. Ltd.:With #Google #Apps for #Business's Google Sites, teams can build sites to 
share and #collaborate on documents, videos, schedules, and more. Or build 
a public-facing site for your business.
Forward your URL to a Google Site
Shivaami Cloud Services Pvt. Ltd.:With #Google #Apps for #Business's Google Sites, teams can build sites to 
share and #collaborate on documents, videos, schedules, and more. Or build 
a public-facing site for your business.
Forward your URL to a Google Site
Channah trimble (creeper):makes no sense
general01ish:How in the world do i upload 1 video and get my URL do be checklist off
Ahpol Pie:Good Job! great help! :) 
Travesty328:Good work Chris, this video was helpful
AIC Technology (All In Cloud):Comment rendre son sitre interne public avec #GoogleSites! #AllinCloud
Mikat:how to remove these things in google blogger??
Jim Banks:*How To Use Your Own Domain to point to a Google Sites site*

If you use Google Apps, you get access to Google Sites.

This video shows you how to set up a CNAME to point to the underlying URL 
so that it sits on your domain.

Useful if you plan on setting up an intranet, or any of the other numerous 
templated solutions Google Sites make available for you.

#googlesites  
Gari Gonzlez:yes!
nrviognjiocfmbkirdom:A bit complicate, isn't it?
Pakorn Ngammanussiri:A new video about creating custom URL to use with Google Sites.
Narong Intiruk:
Saul saulyoshi Arteaga:
Taiji Miyamoto:GoogleSitesURL



http://support.google.com/sites/bin/answer.py?hl=ja&answer=99448
Freddy Kapten Hkansson:*Nyttigt fr dig som anvnder Sites*


Tomoyuki Sugizuru:GoogleSitesURL



http://support.google.com/sites/bin/answer.py?hl=ja&answer=99448
Ron Roddam:Perfect tutorial for Google Apps users wanting a Google Site on a company 
.com
Grant Garber:Please make another video that shows me how to make example.org as my main 
domain with example.com being pointed too it as well!

VIDEOID:xTQ_HWXUH7w
GuruAidTechSupport:Such a bummer they disabled these!
Eugene Grewing:If it's less convenient than swiping a card than no one is going to adopt 
it as a form of payment. That's where apple got it right with apple pay.
Paul Guy:I still don't see how this is an improvement over removing a card from my 
wallet and sliding that. 
matthew:no im 13 and done it its really cool!!!
Andree Velasco:if you're around 13 years old, would you need to show an ID?? 
suspekt29:Works at Mcdonalds and CVS. Two places I normally don't shop. I know not 
every phone supports this. I had use use a hacked APK myself, but I really 
wish this was more readily available. Its a great idea. I hate carrying 
plastic. 
Bo Stern:I have heard that some BB's have stopped supporting GW, too bad .. I was 
also told Walgreens would support GW, but that is certainly not the case 
for the one in my neighborhood ..
suspekt29:Wouldn't work at my Best Buy. Lucky you
IcyFrench:Pin number will still be asked after you tap it.
Vaquero del Teclado:Well when you tap it. The device ask for you password. But you don't have 
to open the app at first like in this video.
Bo Stern:Hmm... sounds like that would defeat the access control to the app, 
preventing others from stealing my phone and using it for payment 
Vaquero del Teclado:Now, You dont have to open the app, just wake up your phone. And tap and 
pay. thats it.!
vgm006:I was at bestbuy today buying galaxy tab 2 for my dad. since I with my 
idiot brother (sheep), I didn't try to pay with Google wallet. I worry if 
it doesn't work, it's embarrassing!
Stefon Glover:@MRBOSTERN Do you find it easier to use than your actually debit/credit 
card?
Stefon Glover:Cool video. How do you like GW so far?
Bo Stern:

VIDEOID:_Jf2FOSIDLI
Robin Pringle:NASA sending 3D Androids to Space Station.
Bennett and Francis:This looks pretty awesome ...
Lili Meng:Cute:)

VIDEOID:_POYQAzC3q0
Tina Fletcher:So exciting!!
Nikima77:
Manawa Ilingworth:
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:GPIAiX3zQVQ
AD Council:I think he was a most interesting and "super" smart guy -- he addressed a 
lot of ridiculous things in our stupid society (television)....But in many 
ways he is was another tool for the ruling elite (and I don't quite buy the 
suicide angle.)  Hey we only know what they tell us for the most part 
--unless we were actually there.
just a guy:all this dfw worshipping
Rosie Milner:What bothered me about the biography was that the author mostly described 
David's public persona. One never senses David's experiences with 
depression and anxiety and his thought processes during these painful 
times. You catch a few glimpses about David's anxiety through other's 
observations, but never the horrors of what David endured.
Kanapathypillai Yogaraajanpillai:

VIDEOID:o7DJ6OS3Yfw
Hebertoonrails:Lack of quality

VIDEOID:akh4iSCqLJU
MyworstEnemy:Great story. The writer's passion for the subject matter makes for a great 
presentation. 
Thank you "Talks at Google".
Scowling Wolf:ty
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:zDslvjONN7E
Paul Ratchford:Love Inbox. And these videos are great too.
illegalsmile  :I have read the ratings at the app store. This app may be a waste of your 
time if you are expecting "notifications" to keep you up to date. 
Apparently it falls short in this category.
Trinh Huong:I would like to choose what time my bundle shows up (ex: 2pm instead of 7am 
as default in Inbox) How do I change this?
Jeroen van de Pol:How to use inbox like a pro.. nice exploration :-)
Eric de Groot:How to use inbox like a pro.. nice exploration :-)
Bart Zuidgeest:How to use inbox like a pro.. nice exploration :-)
Arnaaz Khodabaks:How to Use Inbox Like a Pro
Kancel bez omezen:Jak pouvat Google Inbox spolu s Gmail - The Apps Show http://ow.ly/QaWTx

Ji jste vyzkouely slubu Google Inbox ? Nemus vyhovovat kadmu, ale 
rozhodn stoj za vyzkouen. Mete zprvy dvat do skupin, a pokud Vm 
chod spousta promo materil, na kter se dvte jednou za as, nastavte 
si etnost upozorovn na tyto zprvy. Pokud provedete nastaven v Google 
Inbox, projev se to i v prosted Gmail. 

How to Use Inbox Like a Pro | Gmail | The Apps Show http://ow.ly/QaUeH
Shopon Das:
Benjamin Gottfridsson:I love inbox :)
Jeff F.:As much as I do like Inbox, there's a few power features in GMail that I 
just can't give up. 1) Easy multiselect. I shift-click large ranges of 
emails all the time in GMail, but in Inbox, you have to click each one 
individually. 2) The Quick Link search in GMail Labs. I have several 
complicated searches save that I use frequently that are saved as Quick 
Links with the Lab feature. Search isn't as good on Inbox.
Terrence Culbreath:When will this feature be available for "Google Apps for Work" users like 
myself?
ASESORTECH LA:
Victor Donnelly:Im hoping the "save to drive" functionality is coming to inbox soon.  I 
love the workflow the new system provides but having to jump back to gmail 
to save to drive is a little tedious.
Michelle Brown:How to Use Inbox Like a Pro | Gmail | The Apps Show
Renier Chico:
Bart Ettinger:*How to Use Inbox Like a Pro | Gmail | The Apps Show*

*A few episodes ago we introduced Inbox, Googles new way to handle emails. 
Now we're revisiting Inbox to show you tips and workflows from an Inbox 
power user.*

*Snooze* - If you can't take action on an email right away, you can snooze 
it until a certain time or location. That means that email can pop right 
back up the next time you're near the office.

*Bundles* - When a new email that is part of a Bundle arrives, that Bundle 
will rise to the top of the Inbox. You can also schedule how often you want 
to see certain Bundles - like only seeing Promotions once a week.

*Undo send* - This popular feature is now available in both Inbox AND 
Gmail!
Gonzalo Romero:Thanks for creating solutions who are transforming how we work ,developing 
or 21st century skills :)
Jason Wingert:Inbox still feels like a microsoft product.  Neglected and half way done. 
 There are still workflow issues that make using inbox SLOWER. 

There are so many flow issues that involved extra clicks, bad placement (or 
no placement) of buttons.   Cannot do decent formatting in an email unless 
you have shortcut keys memorized.  Even then colors are not an option. 

Other things, You cannot insert images via copy/paste to any of the email 
messages. 

Replying to messages in the main pane does not have enough formatting 
options and I need to have additional clicks. 

There are many many more issues I've submitted via help and feedback but 
there have been no changes within Inbox. 


Please know, I do really like how inbox functions but its still lacking the 
flow its trying to be advertised as.
Kimbley IT:Not quite sure how to get the most out of Inbox? Let Debbie and John show 
you how to become a power user!

VIDEOID:uA54T6R8nhs

VIDEOID:Cm9onOGTgeM
   -    :Duplicate content is an old tactic and thanks for google updates. I beleive 
they are not using it anymore. But canonical tag is good for the websites 
who are publishing same content under different listing pages.
Karen Mabazza:In writing canonical code <link rel=canonical href=
https://www.example.com /> will there be an effect in SEO if we put it 
this way <link rel=canonical href=example.com /> without the http and 
the www or is should be written with htto and www. Hoping for your response
Hosting Ecuador EC:Necesitas usar 301 ? deberas ver esto
Canonical Link Element
Tatoke kokipa:I will point to a empty canonical for now, i hope i can display my messege 
in the future.
Tatoke kokipa:Ive created a automated canonical rel, when everything is fine i want to 
display a messege, Automated canonical by such and such, dus resulting in 
404, does this affect the indexing and ranking?...Does anybody know?
Intrepid Network, Inc.:
Khaled Kal Elsehsah:
Andre W. Klein:How to tell Google what page with duplicate or similar content is the one 
that we want them to index and consider our preferred content.
Edgar Rolla:Found it! Nevermind. Sorry! *-*
Edgar Rolla:GREEEEAT video, Matt! But I've got a question: you mention (around min 
4:30) that on webmaster tools we can choose between 3w or non-3w versions. 
I've been looking into it for around 10 minutes now and can't seem to 
locate where I can actually set that up. Can you help me on this one? o. 
Thanks!
1Source SEO Houston:Always learn great stuff about SEO from Matt. 
Spook SEO:It is mindblowing watching this video right now (considering its already 
2013). Seems that Matt still has the same diplomatic way of answering. 
Cheers!
freekzero:I don't get it.
Murray:Time is running out
Murray:nope, no point
freekzero:I do. Your point?
Murray:remember when you wrote this 4 years ago?
Inno-Smart Barcelona:How to fix the canonical link element in your website? +Matt Cutts 
Kundan Bora:Cannonical Isuuse #kundanbora #SEO services
  #webconsultant  
Todd Johnson:SEO 101:
What is the rel=canonical attribute?
The rel='canonical' attribute is an HTML element that enables webmasters to 
prevent duplicate content issues by specifying the "canonical", or 
"preferred", version of a web page.
http://youtu.be/Cm9onOGTgeM

VIDEOID:BZpFbdWvUpA
Domonic LBTV:Is that uke a concert size or bigger?
Malachi Sor:I can play the same drum he plays
KOSMOS390:The cajon is an instrument originally from Peru :)
Hicham Mhammedi Alaoui:Hey @lewpre, sure thing feel free to use the track just please attribute it 
back to my youtube channel. Thanks for asking!
Marcelo Reis:beautiful song
Hicham Mhammedi Alaoui:Thanks Fran. Yep I've played bongo cajons, they're fun but do note they 
don't have the snare sound you hear on the cajon played in this video. For 
children you may want to try the Meinl Make Your Own Bongo Cajon - they 
sound great for the price (~$25 bucks)
Sonoma County Children's Music:Sweet sounds. I teach music and just got my first cajon, can't wait to get 
into it. Many of my students are preschool age. Those bongo cajons look 
about the right size for 2-5 year olds. You ever play one of those? Any 
recommendations for kids?
ZIDANE5353:vaya jilipoyas chaval...no tienes ni puta idea yo no se que aces...con los 
pies descalzos y too aprende otro poco que aun te queda.... 
Danny Pham:Was the song Jake playing all improv? Or was it an actual song? Because in 
part 2 he plays songs that I recognize but I don't recognize this one
karli34:Please don't get me wrong - no pun intended. The cajon player plays very 
good, rhythmic, in time and all ... I only feel he dominates the 
performance instead of supporting it. Might be due to an unbalanced mix, 
though ...
Istvan Rez:Yeah,I feel sorry for the brother,he seems like a nice kid --- should take 
some lessons,and learn how to play the cajon the right way-- he should 
check-out Ultra High Flamenco -- that would help him--truly amazing how 
many people like that video-- 
Hicham Mhammedi Alaoui:Ha Hey Tim so the instrument is Peruvian, and I'm Moroccan :)
TimUkulele:i'm talking about the player..not the instrument.. :D
adenawer1685:The peruvian cajn dosn't have the snare sound... That one is a flamenco 
cajn.
Eva Mayur:the instrument is the "cajn" and is Peruvian
Xores Rock:Nice! Finally found someone else that spells Nicklas with c and k. Haha!
Hicham Mhammedi Alaoui:Yep it's held strong for over 6 years, no problems whatsoever. Didn't buy 
mine from the site so I can't speak to that.
Nicklas Benjaminsson:does it hold? And does it work good to buy it from the site? 
Hicham Mhammedi Alaoui:Thanks Nicklas! The cajon is Black & White by Mario Cortes (for more info, 
see the link in the video description)
Nicklas Benjaminsson:I saw this video first yesturday and im sure of that i listened to this 
atleast 45 times! Awsome cajo playing, ukele so cool to :) What cajon do 
you use? 

VIDEOID:mOoEj7ei_lE
ZYCKO:Meru Provides Wi-Fi Infrastructure for Miami Marlins Park. Find out more 
about Meru Networks at www.zycko.com


#merunetworks  
Iteo Danmark:Trdlse netvrk gr den store forskel!
The IT Summit:RT @MeruNetworks "Next season when your @Marlins Park, the #WIFI experience 
will be a Home Run..." http://ow.ly/q1AHo

VIDEOID:HVEq5OBYUk8
Schoolbox:Rewarding to see Schoolbox making a difference - Video of Schoolbox in use 
at MGGS Wireless Network Delivers Campus-Wide Wi-Fi for Melbourne Girls 
Grammar School & Wireless Network Delivers Campus-Wide Wi-Fi for Melbourne 
Girls Grammar School
Mary-Louise O'Brien:Meru Wireless has just released a video outlining the Wifi network they 
provide at Melbourne Girls Grammar.

VIDEOID:G2JKGWmqsYs

VIDEOID:dozAJERfplE

VIDEOID:go3fDAE8HI0
Marco Andreozzi:

VIDEOID:pT-Flb_xt5o

VIDEOID:epLNN1SSC8w

VIDEOID:n9a2eNYVQn0
Wavelink AU:Great application, although not sure that Dryland is a hotel....

VIDEOID:0gRffGJcOeM
john Sullivan:making WiFi much more like a cellular network, genius. 

VIDEOID:YgAeG0sPV6g
Marco Andreozzi:

VIDEOID:liV1dMnl0v4

VIDEOID:_OLVtt7eL_o

VIDEOID:LK4xfQEVFJQ
ProjectCarTV:Belkin WiFi Extender

VIDEOID:cE_VuTdTKvU

VIDEOID:VMZmjJpehTA
data compagniet:Simplify and control wireless network management with Meru Networks

VIDEOID:SkH136YGShw
Iteo Danmark:""Vores studenter har sandsynligvis to eller tre Wi-Fi enheder aktive til 
enhver tid og omfattende Wi-Fi-brug i klasserummet vil snart vre normen.", 
lyder det fra en af Meru's kunder; David W. Johnson, leder af Technology 
Services and Support ved University of Houston."

VIDEOID:sS4Z1njIjFc
Jibbletoad Jibbletoad Jibbletoad Jibbletoad Jibbletoad Jibbletoad Jibbletoad Jibbletoad:LAN Party!
Crazyman123456789ish:My iphone won't do that!!!
Linel Rogers:Beside AT&T It'll show an E for edge, 3G for 3G and like a weird radio 
signal thing for Wifi.
DJdarkshadow7:Can you get good wifi services in most places or fewer places than others?
Stan Smith:Haha, you wouldn't believe the amount of idiots I've heard claiming that 3G 
is the fastest thing right now. One even claimed that 3G made the iPhone 
run faster, can you believe it?
James Thibodaux:edge and 3g is what you pay for..... wifi is free, depending on if you're 
using an establishments wifi connection
James Thibodaux:the new iphone 3g uses 3g too....and wfi along with edge
nevets815:you think?
Johnny:I just stumbled across this video, now I'm wondering what exactly you're 
trying to demonstrate? I don't think anyone would have thought the EDGE 
network would be faster than Wifi.... Thats like comparing dial-up with 
highspeed.
waterboy0847:faggot*
Crackster0202:wifi is faster then EDGE
DaveDS:oops lol
Eric Ibarra:you're a freakin cocky ass bastard who is spoiled as fuck.fuckin show 
off,learn to manage the $,you know what I'm saying faggot?
poopyfingers31:itouches are dirt actually there cool but iphone is way better. i have an 
itouch and im gettin an iphone but ill prolly sell my itouch or keep it and 
be like what son i got bof of em i keep it real you know what im saying
20mcmichael09:july fagget
DaveDS:june 11th, confirmed by apple. go check out the site.
DaveDS:june 11th.
canchunflino:yo when does the 3gb come out in u.s
Jesse Hardesty:Whatever you say dude...
Jesse Hardesty:It's a phone, who needs to use the web THAT bad on their phone. Not to 
mention the fact that in popular areas it's hard not to find a wifi spot to 
connect to. At least that's the way it is here. If I didn't have wifi in my 
apartment, there's still about 10 places I could connect to around me. They 
aren't using 3G because of it's enormous power consumption. I'd rather have 
slower internet with 8 hours of battery life then 3G and 2-3 hours of 
battery life.

VIDEOID:9VMtyIQmx5Y

VIDEOID:ATiXpA79LPo

VIDEOID:ZQKXUqI5A0k
Ingram Technologies:See how Meru Networks provided 802.11ac WiFi to 12,000+ conference 
attendees! Georgia World Congress Center Deploys Meru 802.11ac Wi-Fi 
Solution
Ingram Technologies:Need to connect 12,000 WiFi devices at the same time? We have you covered! 
Meru Networks offers 1.3Gbps 802.11ac for fast data transfer. Learn more at 
http://site.ingramt.com/wireless/meru

VIDEOID:KoO02dKFnk8

VIDEOID:1R_a7yK1sok
alias inkhorn:

VIDEOID:KfCGmsALd00

VIDEOID:85CU95dtkuM

VIDEOID:oRhKAaSV4_k
Zoe LaRochelle:Great to see what technology can do in our education system!

VIDEOID:88jeozztQXg

VIDEOID:PUTxzCSM89U

VIDEOID:oKG6PhzxqsE
yuyushow:thank you 

VIDEOID:80j2qZpq4r4
Marco Andreozzi:
zerolag:Hi Bolton... your meru controllers are showing bcc1 10.22.0.10 bcc2 
10.22.0.11 bcc3 10.22.0.12 hope your vlans are set up correctly...

VIDEOID:FSvb0P1GIbU

VIDEOID:DU06GvnnsNY
AirTightNetworks:

VIDEOID:IisIRpdGLmo
AirTightNetworks:

VIDEOID:ge1LIoc57ss

VIDEOID:ui6SHp1E5nM

VIDEOID:Uy2LinBL1M8

VIDEOID:Wb7G7vz-xCw

VIDEOID:6bXsJrXNWLc

VIDEOID:MTmQH1L2fUA

VIDEOID:6jqT7iRegnI

VIDEOID:O-uncXJ8VFE

VIDEOID:8RTXK5lqRlc

VIDEOID:XEUba3YquME

VIDEOID:vuepzRt98ec
Gym Leader Geo:

VIDEOID:mUHmsBJULIA

VIDEOID:ZkdGW0Z2X_Q

VIDEOID:ATsSzhiSV10

VIDEOID:wGBQmgpy4TQ

VIDEOID:C7svz760VAo

VIDEOID:gA0EomumybA

VIDEOID:qslRGd0qd9M
EXPO QUINCEAERA NW:EXPO QUINCEAERA NW
503 432 0972
503 432 9122

VIDEOID:O19RJ2AdhjQ
ProjectCarTV:Padres Vs Miami Marlins 7/25/2015
ProjectCarTV: #SanDiego   #Padres   #SanDiegoPadres   vs #Miami #Marlins #MiamiMarlins  

VIDEOID:aAgCVufHCTw
Joao Miranda:

VIDEOID:AJPy5SwVa-I
R Brown (4Crawler):In this 3rd streaming radio video, I'll look at some of the streaming 
add-ons available for Kodi.

VIDEOID:41qw-EyuauI
fansofthe12hours:The first ever Tudor Testing. DPs first time at Sebring
james stricklin:Inaugural Testing from Sebring 2013
fansofthe12hours:Additional footage of the Sebring Testing.
james stricklin:
jack coffey:dont like the sound of porsches 4 liter motor, its just too high pitched 
for a porsche
jack coffey:the corvette sounds so much better with the engine updates
V10Vantage:Awesome capture. If only more teams had turned out to this test.

VIDEOID:ewlDkAvydTc
EXPO QUINCEAERA NW:EXPO QUINCEAERA NW
503 432 0972
503 432 9122

VIDEOID:GdH9dtJf1Gc

VIDEOID:3Bv0s6lDtJs
burlicop Damm:esta muy buena! tienes talento, ojala y puedas seguir haciendo musica! 
saludos desde costa rica
santiago sinclair:Segun raymond chandler toda persona que escribe es escritor,aguante 
enrique,suerte
Rogelio Grandez:buena letra sigue asi...
vihock G.:quien dice ke no eres compositor..... gran trabajo.... enserio...me 
encanto...=)
Hernan Cobos:Huracan herrante!!! Digno de Enrique. Buen video!!
miguel camacho:eres buen compositor yo tambien escribo para ese alguien que llegue
guaripolarockera:felicidades! ya eres compositor... con composiciones tan buenas seguro 
llegars lejos :D buena vibra! i ojal que la cancin haya llegado al 
corazn de la persona que te dio inspiracin para componerla! 
Diana Arrieta:Felicidades Juan! Esta muy chida la rola, me lati un buen! saludos =)
Diana Arrieta:Felicidades amigo! me latio un buen tu rola, hechale ganas siempre, un 
abrazo desde Tijuas!
Ak Salido:me gusto mucho tu video, ojala que sigas subiendo mas videos. te queremos 
mucho flakito y te extraamos. ROSITA Y KAREN
huracanherrante:me gusto mucho el video

VIDEOID:tKEpVbO82CM
Juan Nstor BOLANOS ZUNIGA:De vrais lacher - rattraper et beaucoup d'lgance . Petite dtaille  
l'arrive au sol 
lams84ms:como no va a estar bueno el video? si la voz de Dolores entretiene a 
cualquiera!
tadeo sito:@dororo300 si me tengo que poner hcer videos! estoy muy bago jajaja 
edwin rodriguez:sin palbras sin duda espectacular me gusto el video aber si bajas mas 
bideos paresidos estan piolas 
tadeo sito:@matiasilva buea otro di ago uno mas largooo
matias silva:te falto mas gimnasia loco re cortito el video 
tadeo sito:que buen video!!!!!!!
tadeo sito:gracias..!!

VIDEOID:87-Wh1qghM4

VIDEOID:4RY1ZLi6rss
wcolby:

VIDEOID:JHZD0e25mfg
Antony Gago:no anti virus.....4 years...
R Brown (4Crawler):This will be the first of a series of videos where I look into a few 
approaches I've taken on my road to "cutting the cable". In this video, 
we'll look at how to recycle an old desktop computer into a media PC.

VIDEOID:vuOCoyVsKoA
Khooshal Ramburn:it is not compatible with windows 7 32bit i have download it and install it 
what is the solution
Konvicted Gaming:

VIDEOID:EOk8m17fhJo
InkOnTube:White case - old school when computers were in ivory color :)
Larry Anon:The Fractal Designs Define R4 is a great case. That is what I built my 
server in. It looks like you will have a great quality build that will last 
you a few years. Congratz!
See ya in game.
Kulf Greymoon:Yaaaaay~ Happy for you! What's yer Steam ID? Do you have one? :3
TKnightcrawler:I go for the most spacious, best-ventilated cases myself. But soundproofing 
seems really important for you. :)
Daelyn75 Games:Congrats, Trendane!
adfgfds:Ooooo!

Powerful machine you got there! Better video card than me now! Congrats 
man! Now GO PLAY SKYRIM!! 8D

Dont forget the Falskaar Mod :P
EQOAnostalgia:Awesome man! Grats. I need a new rig myself, unless i want to wait to play 
on PS4... which i don't lol. Love that case! 
Murray R:Congrats on your new toy!
Guillaume Bibaut (y0m):Congrats ! That new comp seems to be a really nice one :)
KrAcKeRsTaXx:lol awsome!
Mumbojumbo2123:Congrats on the new pc. You must have been on Santa's good list. Had to be 
a clerical error.
geekdomo:WOOTS!!! Lookin great congrats man!
dustindoner:grats I lvl up new pc skills trees  :)
John Van den Cruyce:Nice :-)
David Ihnen (Skylos):Cool!  I have one of those cases too!  I wanted it to be really quiet too. 
 But it makes a distinctly audible hum, even with the large fans liquid 
cooling system.  :[  I'm thinking I may have to build myself a large 
sound-proofing box to go around it.  If I do, perhaps I make one for yours 
too...
Neil Mccauley:Ahhhh. not plugged in, thats why the light did not come on when you opened 
the fridge OH ah no i mean PC :).

Conggrats on new PC 
Django Lowe:Gratz... after your done you should review it.  Tell us how you like it
William Bullock:Gratz :)
zachary macauley (Northernlime):Nice pc man. I have very similar parts
Metallica4life1977:lets get online and kill sum shit

VIDEOID:fh28SC7V8Ds
R Brown (4Crawler):This is the second video in my media PC series. I'll split this video into 
two halves, the first will cover graphics card/GPU settings and setting up 
multiple video connections. 

VIDEOID:_aGB25jvBc8
OswaldO LiFe Football:me gusto el juegos
juancito calderon:me gusto el video gracias 1 liki por eso
weimar bernal cubillos:tiene q ser obligatorio la pajina q tu utilisas de mega lupoad
Idira Romero:tiene todos los movies es k cuando comiepa no me apareze el video en el k 
comiensa por eso te estoy preguntando
Radhames Avalo:no se escucha en mi pc k puedo hacer para k se hoiga
eduardo silva:men responde rapido unos archivos daados losmultimos binieron daados 
responde es urgente
eduardo silva:olle memn me dice q esstan daados  uno archivos q hago
Gabriel Garcia:wow esa cancin esta pava y el juego me funciono (Y) 
Enrique Hamilton:ESA CANCION LO QUE MOLESTA omg !! UVE QUE BAJAR EL VOLUMEN DE LA PC 
Manuel Brito Fondeur:Yo Tengo 2 procesadores de 2 Gb tengo de ram 2 Gb tengo 1 Gb de vIDEO I 
TENGO 111 GB DE DISCO para mi pc funciona bien i para de un Gb1 en q tenga 
una tarjeta de grafico de 500 MB te sirvira :D 
oscar linares:oye me puede servir en windows xp 
Jony Melamo:no creo que seas tan hijo puta para no desir que es portable por que si es 
haci ojalas te mueras pinche pendejo
androidgameshacks:me va a funcionar en windows xp? xD
isai marin:vete al culo tio 
elena patricia carrillo gutierrez:este video no vale la pena 
stiventh1999:Este juego es portable y por eso no esta completo!!!!!!!
gbriel valencia:Q puto ojala t mueras cabron no funciona
GAMERS IV:wey es con utorrent? 
juan pablo gomez:anda en windows 7 
krlos pte:amigo le deseo lo mejor por hacer este gran video muchas gracias. y mas 
adelante si puedes subes otro video sobre mods para need for speed most 
wanted. 

VIDEOID:UTslzGOHSPw

VIDEOID:goTDZ3pqoyc
Crank Turner:Off topic, but what vapor cig is that?! Can you give me specs on the 
battery, the tank and the liquid? The smoke it created was nuts, that's a 
LOT of vapor! Any details would be awesome :) Thanks!
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:
5-Star Network:5 star network approved  :) 
PepsiGam3r:But does it run Minecraft? I don't think so.
Media Headz TV:i would like to note my bothers wife got this laptop with her Credit as 
they want to get into youtube.
i plan to teach them to edit 
 .she also knows that Big Serg My Bother wants to play some games with me 
...i plan to record with my bothers
ORIGINPC:Thanks for creating and uploading this unboxing video! We hope you're 
enjoying your new EON17-SLX gaming laptop! We've also shared it with our 
community as well :D Happy gaming guys!
Josh West:Such a beautiful laptop. I would soo buy one if i had the money.
MurderzMedia:That laptop makes me moist (   )
Media Headz TV:sry about the mic we had so many tech probs with my mic that next pay check 
im going to drop 200 bucks on one 
Media Headz TV:Origin Pc EON17 SLX Gtx 980m 8 gb vram Laptop unboxxing

VIDEOID:8hFgiJx83Qw
Philip Chen (CrowdFundBeat): <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23crowdfunding">#crowdfunding</a> Beat @  <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23cfge">#cfge</a> 
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:

VIDEOID:CizjKRcOzJQ
Lucas Teske:

VIDEOID:A6nc0K7A2Rw
Media Headz TV:for those wanting to join my network i can now offer custom Rev Shares 
of 65% and up
Abdulhamid Alyahyai:This is not a benchmark LOL!
leonardo Urrutia:Uhh hi
Media Headz TV:
BugSplat:That was SICK!!
Media Headz TV:4g laptop by origin for the win 
Media Headz TV:Unboxing & Benchmarking The $4,000 Dolor Origin pc EON17-SLX 

VIDEOID:m-8L9-vGsVM
Media Headz TV:im redoing the audio for the unboxing vid guys it sounded bad 
Vahit Tube:I would Like To See it Unboxing Videos Are very Popular !

But i think You schould Upgrade your camera To record  the Picture isnt 
sharp at all Even On 1080P it looks Like 480P !
Media Headz TV:this will be up this week  .....update where going to add a few things like 
turning on the laptop 
we forgot to do that 
crazychris4124:thats insane
Media Headz TV:

VIDEOID:3G-Z2d44f0Y
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Tabletop MIni Ink Cup Pad Printing Machine

VIDEOID:RENLvKC2BP0
Michael Gembicki:Would like to see it actually render something or cinnebench it.  Otherwise 
good straightforward video.
Michael Gembicki:8 core i7 3770k? 
XxTKTBeastxX:Did you cut the side pannel yourself
Snoozing Lion:Very sweet rig! Nice job, thanks for all three vids ;)
Ra0lDuke:Great looking build, cheers!
Fromm13:Thank you, great looking and nicely put together rig ...

VIDEOID:XraddTMP8Vo

VIDEOID:O3pD9PIRzA8
Media Headz TV:this is outdated 
Alen Kurtish:my game dont run
with this  ,do he work  ?????
Media Headz TV:some audio got missed up later im going to have a sum up and not go off on 
a rant lol
Media Headz TV:

VIDEOID:UXZ0qiFgWN4
ADFK:cool


































































































































































































































































































hi
GIMROSE:How much is this game?
TubeGamePlay:
TubeGamePlay:Watch all missions of Alien: Isolation : 
http://bit.ly/AlienIsolationplaylist

Please  COMMENT/LIKE/SUBSCRIBE !
Click Here To Subscribe!  http://bit.ly/1oXasHp

Check out my Twitter, Facebook...
 Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/7GamePlay
 Twitter : https://twitter.com/TubeGamePlay

Thank you for The watching....  #PEACE 

VIDEOID:lvfpDNspCUY
Gil Villa:Enjoy another game :)

VIDEOID:CDG0cOEXUXM
awaween1:thanks, i'll give the game a shot
Seth Kiparis:Well made review that cover the most important parts of the game.
Also,your voice sounds a bit like Cristopher Walken.The way you 
talk,atleast.Just something I think.
HardWarUK:Excellent, fair and detailed review!
Little B Gaming:Actually, you can change the FOV. See pcgamingwiki

VIDEOID:Hj_GIGZFQPc
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:watch dogs fix
Neocrypter:there are also some tweaks to enable the graphics they teased us with when 
it was announced I enabled them and they were a huge drain on my fps though 
;) but then i only have a 4gb card. good Benchmark video.
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:that watch dogs in 4k upscale 
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:Watch dogs pc benchmark /watch dogs stutter fix /plus dj spot light
the worst mod for watch dogs

VIDEOID:a_vwUF7xtn0
Media Headz TV:this is what i have done with my pc so far there will be more later once i 
save up 
Media Headz TV:*my pc set up part 2 i hope you njoy the five finger death punch pc :0*

VIDEOID:bEU347emiBw
jc samuraixx87:Mi pc casi liso mouse y hdd de 3t !!!

VIDEOID:c46xvoeaFc8
pjladyfox:Re PC issues: Sounds as if you are either CPU or RAM limited. Can't help on 
RAM but I do have a Core2Quad Q6600 2.4GHz I can give u 4 free. While 
slower than your current it would give you 2 more cores & has a larger 
onboard cache which may help. It should also be compatible with your 
current setup & drop right in. LMK if u wish to try it. ^_^
Trendane Sparks:So near and yet..
Trendane Sparks:Yeah...I need to get a better 'puter.

VIDEOID:pgCCkUShXn8
Pao Kung:    
    .

VIDEOID:wvkFiBfzoZI
DogMan Dan:great job on the video commentary
Media Headz TV:*i will be uploading as much battlefiled hardline as i can in 4k*
Media Headz TV:hardline gameplay coming this week :) with my clan and game mode 5 i hope 

VIDEOID:CvfBZPCj_4E
Ilian Cetkov:bg li si or not
azkazvam:10x :)
Karolis Karoliux:nice video :)

VIDEOID:CTrFKQw46DE
_ smus1c88:you have this insane amount of vram used because of the 
maxbufferedframes="5" .
Anyway this game is a shitty port, i can max out dying light/fc4 with 
constant 60 fps and no drops under 55fps on my gtx980 @1,3 and i7 4790@ 3.6 
, but this game stutters while driving whatever settings i use. only way to 
fix it is capping fps at 30 XD
Vahit Tube:Wow A GPU with 6GB Memory Its Amazing More than my Complete System !
One question you Run it overlocked Or Stock ?
Which CPU You use in this Video ?
Media Headz TV:watch dogs bench mark 
DogMan Dan:AMD won't help you out at all with this game that was fully optimized for 
Intel/Nvidia. More than just the PC Master race here 
Media Headz TV:*msi gtx 780 6gb for the win its a mini titan*
Media Headz TV:PC vs Console gaming
Media Headz TV:im runing the TheWorse Watch Dogs Modification (the best mod ) and using 
4.6 gb of vid ram at 1080p and i can not get it to run 60 fps . i also talk 
about the pc master race

VIDEOID:qPL4NO_fSXc
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:did this back when i was with tgn 
Media Headz TV:stand up comedian Elvis 
Media Headz TV:stand up comedian Elvis cracks me up 
Media Headz TV:

VIDEOID:FJlm_Pqc4wk
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:

VIDEOID:Dp5mTz3TGxg
Mega MattMan:I can barely hear you get a better mic 
jordanloves gaming:

VIDEOID:znw5dr6-EN4
SocioPsycho:

VIDEOID:ZlfIVEy_YOA
vid84zee:both of there faces when they clicked brought a tear to my eye
Jumar Vicente:fail hahahahah
CARLOS ROBERTO FERREIRA:
rai ZOR:So does this mean my microwave will cook my popcorn faster
TrollorT:nice fail :D humility next time blblbl
ounis Djamel:Dommage, les rsultats de l'experiance sont faux. mais c'est pas fini dans 
l'attente des rsultats du satellite Planck.
Peter Harris:I was going to send this item to +Estelle Gillett by Apple mail about 2 
years ago but that was the time I started using google 2nd authenticity and 
it rendered apple mail redundant as I did not know I had to authorize Apple 
mail
yash palas:more than a lakh people gathered around shah rukh khan's(one of the most 
famous actors in India) home at his birthday... but only one man visited 
these great physicist's home and celebrated with them for one of the most 
greatest discovery in human history.
spirit123459:Sad video :(
Xiao Sun:right or wrong, real scientists are those who are honest to themselves...I 
don't think it's a "shame" at all that scientists meet their own 
limitations of recognition. They are at the most front edge of our 
knowledge sphere, shame cannot get there. 
NeedsEvidence:The BICEP2 result was discredited by the newest Planck result, but 
premature gravitational waves as predicted by Linde et al. aren't ruled 
out. For more details, see:

www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2015/02/06/the-state-of-the-early-universe

NeedsEvidence:+Benjamin Steber > It's so hard to believe that someone can say five sigma 
with such confidence and still be wrong.

Not really. Mistakes like these are possible when you underestimate the 
background contribution to an observation, as happened in the BICEP2 
analysis.

> It pains me to say BICEP2 will probably be remembered as a cautionary 
tale.

It's an overall successful experiment with important results (note that the 
CMB resolution achieved by BICEP2 surpasses that of Planck). This one 
analysis was flawed (an honest mistake, from what I can see), and some 
collaborators withdraw their authorship to the paper (if I'm not mistaken) 
prior to the publication (wouldn't be the first time that things like this 
happens in big science collaborations). 
Benjamin Steber:Five sigma.  Less than 30 million to one that the results were wrong.

But Plank indicates that BICEP2 went dusting for the fingerprint of the 
universe and came back with dust.  Milky way dust which rendered the 
finding inconclusive.

It's so hard to believe that someone can say five sigma with such 
confidence and still be wrong.  It pains me to say BICEP2 will probably be 
remembered as a cautionary tale.
bluewhale18:What a shame they forgot about dust
Real shame
B Yoshizawa:No Big Bang. Just an oscillating Universe as shown in GUT-CP.
Jayanth Kumar:You have to feel for Professor Linde. He devoted 30 years of his life to 
this, and he was misled with this discovery. 
odeonmusic:Such a shame it was based on bad data. Gotta double and triple check your 
work. 
souvikdas:Its just dust. Dust. 5 sigma my ass!
Gytax0:Confirmed to be wrong results. What a shame.
perplehaze112:I truly enjoy scientists reactions to discovery or validation. This was 
great 

VIDEOID:t5hFbtPbtDE
Maximozavr:Action would be better to have fouled
Gray Au:Sleep Simulator? As far as I see this game offers Zero content.
Sebastian Lamberth:What is the purpose of the game??
Darius Gabriel Constantine:This game should be called "Walk everywhere very slowly"

VIDEOID:QDYDrxZATMk
digimonownd:just saw this on steam and searched for a review, damn I found a great 
channel! Subscribed and going through your catalog of videos :].
SocioPsycho:

VIDEOID:wug9n5Atk8c
syedmammar1:emotionless and boring
Richard Smith:"You're going to Stanford, you're going to Stanford!"
MasterofPlay7:nah Bill gates just a typical entrepreneur hypocrite
afflicktion:Why does he speak like a muppet?
Frank Jahoda:Now ya know
TheLegoPerson - The Laziest YouTube Uploader Evar!:I'll bet young single Bill Gates was much more fun-loving and entertaining. 
This is some of the dryest, most meaningless babble I've heard in a while. 
I get what they were going for, but it was emotionless and bland on 
delivery, not to mention the awkward, pre-written dialogue.
Daniel Methner:I envy Bill Gates, not for his money but rather for his wifes personality
Judith Natt:
gpf198949:
sungsoon kim:
Dj logie:Bill Gates and his wife are out of touch with reality
Amy Tin, Hiu Ping:Innovation of Optimism! 
James Dean:Bill and Melinda Gates talk about Innovation and Positive Thinking 
https://youtu.be/wug9n5Atk8c 
Phng Loan V:"Take all you have and go change the world in ways that will make millions 
of people optimistic..... The course of your lives, perhaps without any 
plan on your part, You will see suffering that going to break your heart. 
And when it happens, don't turn away from it, That's the moment that change 
is born". (Melinda Gates) 
Great couple ever. God bless them Biu tng cm xc heart
RE129556:beautiful speech.
Divya Chandra:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wug9n5Atk8c "Let your heart break. It will 
change what you do with your optimism" - Melinda Gates.
"If we have optimism without empathy, then it doesn't matter how much we 
master the secrets of science. We are not really solving problems. We are 
just working on puzzles. So which problems will you decide to solve ?" :)
Guido Castano:
kimmusik :
Xolani Mavuso:South Africa

VIDEOID:2u_knTCpC7Y
rkksr:why the hell the wings are smoking when you swiming? ;D
Jos Gmez:Nice mythical creature walk simulator but, is there a story? Do I have 
powers under each creature? Whats the point of this power in the game 
world/ story?
Go'el:So the whole game is walking around? Do you even fly?
goga18AAAA:1:04 heh georgian titles

VIDEOID:bh2N1CrQHXo
AG Hamburg der rzte gegen Tierversuche:sorry offtopic :-) .. the sound in the background... how is tis ? :-)
Matthieu Roque:Sometimes people use test benches as their own case. Better airflow, but 
dusts comes in faster. And again, It's pretty good for the Gigabyte Z87X-OC 
motherboard or anything similar to it cuz it has overclocking buttons 
724supportTV:Because we do quite a lot of system builds and tests that don't end up in 
cases. ATM, there is an i7 system on the test bed we are using to test 
hardware options for virtualization. This bench lets us swap hardware 
without any sort of tear-down.
Matthieu Roque:A lot of people actually use it for testing. Hence the word test bench, 
Also, It's handy with the Z87X-OC which has buttons on the motherboard and 
yea. You get the point 
Obed Guerrero:2 horas y le quedo al revs la parte de la fuente
Matthew Smith:I laughed when he said which one is sopposed to be left which is supposed 
to be right, who knows... doesn't say.. then continues and still does not 
have the first step complete
Matthew Duplissis:Just wanted to point out that it looks like you assembled the mb tray and 
handle backwards. all of the pictures an videos Ive seen have the psu mount 
facing the rear and on the right side, not left. Also If you look at the 
handle it should be obvious that it should be installed the other way with 
the legs aligning perfectly with the triangular shape of the handle. I 
don't fault you though, everyone says the manual is extremely difficult to 
follow.

VIDEOID:yCWDZEkmICQ
HardWarUK:You're playing a character - not being you - you warrior!
HardWarUK:You're assuming when they have a beer, their beer is the same as the beer 
we have today!
SuperKetchup99:Very professional review. Subbed.
SocioPsycho:

VIDEOID:IXnU8SDihSs
Michael Q:What component of your system were the DC fans connected to? What was their 
source? Did you have to regulate the amperage or did it just draw what it 
needed to run? If I connect a PC fan directly to a 12V car battery could it 
damage or shorten the fans lifespan?
R Brown (4Crawler):A look at my solar attic ventilation fans, this was the first permanent 
load on my solar power system.

VIDEOID:otkeVPxTeMY
SocioPsycho:

VIDEOID:eyGmyNjE6Xg
Lazarus LongNL:Just found your review, i like how you handle your video chapters to the 
left. Keep up with your videos and i hope you start gaining some traction 
soon.
SocioPsycho:

VIDEOID:zp839_6NabA
jeff alvarez:you forgot to mention push/pull is useless....  a 2.8 degree difference + a 
shit ton of harder work to clean the radiator + more noise is stupit. sry. 
and if you plan on buying expensive noctua to have more sound reduction 
then its even more stupit.  temp wont change. the cost will !
Mad5cout:So when you decided on the slim fan for the back exhaust, you had the rad 
flipped the other way with the tubes at the back.  When you actually 
mounted it, you flipped the rad around so the tubes were near the 5.25" 
bays.  Would there be enough clearance for a 25mm back exhaust with the 
tubes at the 5.25" bays or would only a slim one fit still?
GordonFreeboi:this is posible on corsair H440?
Nic Smith:Does that top h100 affect clearance for the cd drove Bay? 

Stance:horrific bip sound in your soundtrack. thumbed down
RxSwolldier:nice push-pull =)
Michaelangelo Parkinson (Miko):I would do push pull but the IHS on my VI Formula is too tall ;_;
Glenico Nico:can i do push pull on the top in the Mini R2 ?
Hamish McGregor:Actually in fact state change coolers are a real product, albeit an 
expensive and rare one. Condensation is not an issue for these units is 
because the tubes are not very thermally conductive, meaning not much heat 
can enter the system other than at the plate on the CPU. Its also worth 
noting the ordinarily a radiator's coolant is much warmer than air 
temperature. So by setting a mini fridge correctly you could run just below 
air temperatures, see cooling gains & have no condensation issues.
Hamish McGregor:You can use a lower the fan speed on a push pull for the same tempratures, 
meaning typically very similar noise levels. Depending on fan design you 
can actually get less noise, with the added bonus you can still ramp up the 
fans when needed. Having said that there is a slight increase in the 
airflow restriction due to the second set of motors and fan supports, so in 
theory the push pull is in fact applying a few percent more work for the 
same airflow, albeit much lower in the rpm band.
Hamish McGregor:Yes, but there is a big difference in cost too. With 2 fans on either the 
h100i is a bit better due to the diminishing returns of additional inline 
fans in the push pull arrangement. With four fans on the h100i its a bigger 
jump again with almost twice the area and airflow. However ask yourself if 
your willing to pay (prices based on my current location, Australia) $190+ 
for CPU cooling ($150ish for radiator, $40 extra fans) , if yes then your 
golden, if no get something quieter or cheaper.
Hamish McGregor:Only unlike a stock e30 with a v8 you can actully both make it round the 
first corner and afford to feed it, but yes I get what your saying. The 
issue comes when you start trying to cable manage that space or listening 
to all those fans while sitting nearby....
Hamish McGregor:Plus fans outside the mesh are more likely to get jammed or tangled in any 
cabling, and slightly louder than fans inside... I for one think your 
revision is the best solution to this problem.
t103Ninja:thats really anoying that you can fit that into such a small case but i 
cant fit into a corsair 500r case :/
Ratgrot:which is the only issue i have, theres flatly not enough airflow to the GPU
Ratgrot:I've done this with my Mini sitting next to me, the case temp is within 5 
Celsius of the actual room temp, and thats with a hot running GTX660ti 
shitting out 70c under load.
Cummings Family:i wonder what that would do to internal case temps
Cummings Family:I think I would mount the radiator to the outside of the top of the case, 
and mount the fans below inside the case. Or for push pull, do the same as 
you did but instead of mounting the other two fans to the radiator i'd 
mount them to the outside top of the case.
MrSindreee:funny I thought I was the only 1 loving mini towers with high end gear..its 
like driving a stock e30 bmw but with a v8 supercharge engine :D
berzu21:is there huge difference between H80i and H100i coolers in terms of 
perfomance ?

VIDEOID:pc-K0Tu7-Kk
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Automotive Air Filters Automatic Silk Screen Printing Machine

VIDEOID:BzTH5cNvFpM
The Slug:Good and professional review, hope to see more of you :)
SocioPsycho:Do you enjoy Platformers that have darker themes, or do you prefer happy 
bunny land styles? 

VIDEOID:2-1BrVlrfag
xGD0G:Nicely put together man - Very much enjoyed that. :) 
SocioPsycho:

VIDEOID:59VNjHwW5AQ
SocioPsycho:

VIDEOID:BfQgTz_znn0
Authoriteh:I enjoy traditional orchestral motivation music. Like the music from WoW 
called Way of the Monk.
Tom Ripley:Hammers Up !
Carlos Sebastian:DOTAAAA DOTAAAAAA
Daniel Alves:HAMMERS UP!!!
FP ForplayingCZ:Is here somebody thanks to Herostrain ?
Artem Makarevich: ! ! ,       )

Sakoi:Best Parts 1:04 and 2:05
Luke12ify1:I knew I would love this song as soon I saw the title of it.
Took a mythology class when I was in high school, loved it.
lungu bogdan:This sounds like rammstein!
MrLittleFatBoy:Kamehameha!
TinandeR:HAMMERS UP!
William Brousseau:Back air, fore tilt... Get it!!
Almirante Akainu:
Johann James (ProjectXenoProductions):Hey everyone! type in " Uncontrolled Powers " Should be the first short 
film to pop up by -Johann James. We used this song on our short film! Let 
me know what you think. or Click my name.
francesco quartararo:
Noodler:Yo can I use this in my videos?
Maxime Georges:Bibix

Pavel UA:Celldweller  The Wings of Icarus
Arthur German:R.I.P Tsoy.Fucking Icarus
VialliForever:The Wings of Daedalus might have made more sense for the title (though it 
wouldn't have sounded nearly as good) since Daedalus was the one who flew 
successfully, whereas Icarus failed. I don't know about everyone else, but 
this song gives me a feeling of power and energy, not weakness and failure. 
So I would think that Daedalus might have been the better namesake for the 
song, since he achieved greatness by flying, whereas for Icarus, flying was 
his downfall.

VIDEOID:0DkKSzBXCmg
Lee Squires:Why Mr. Bean?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Stuck with your PC's BIOS? Here some help you'll need. 

#resetBIOS
Gioacchino Gargiulo:The easiest and fastest way to reset your BIOS.

#resetBIOS
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Stuck with your PC's BIOS? Here some help you'll need. 

#resetBIOS
Gioacchino Gargiulo:The easiest and fastest way to reset your BIOS.

#resetBIOS
Gioacchino Gargiulo:The easiest and fastest way to reset your BIOS.

#resetBIOS
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Stuck with your PC's BIOS? Here some help you'll need. 

#resetBIOS
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Stuck with your PC's BIOS? Here some help you'll need. 

#techtips  #resetBIOS
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Stuck with your PC's BIOS? Here some help you'll need. 

#resetBIOS
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Needing to reset the BIOS? Don't panic, we're here to help!
The Nerd Herd:Needing to reset your PC's BIOS? Don't panic, we're here to help!

VIDEOID:a8JNGAnu5vc

VIDEOID:WWMi6XruPs8

VIDEOID:CQZgSu6WzUI

VIDEOID:6da9efs5PVw
monica paola Reyes:me encanta tu video muy buena actitud! MEXICO debe ir adelante
Leonardo Daniel Leal:Si soy de Mexico y no lo gritare a los cuatro vientos usando un estupido 
cinturon para representar una nacionalidad. Yo porto en mi la experiencia 
de vivir como Mexicano, y al vivir en este bello pais, me he dado cuenta de 
que tengo la posibilidad de ayudar a Mexico. La violencia y el desempleo 
son resultados de varias concociones negativas....pero cuando el ciudadano 
no hace nada y solo se queja, estos problemas son enfatizados de una manera 
aun mas negativa.
Leonardo Daniel Leal:Mira yo no soy tu tipico Mexico Americano. Naci y creci en Mexico, y estuve 
alli hasta los 12 aos. En Mexico experimente lo que es realmente vivir en 
la clase baja y me di cuenta de la realidad de mi pais. Muchas personas han 
perdido la fe en nuestro pais debido a tanta incertidumbre. Pero, que han 
hecho aquellas personas para cambiar su entorno. NADA! 
Leonardo Daniel Leal:91 views :)

VIDEOID:tKmCNTcUrlk
Antonio Grillo:
Anime Kitty:
Mirco Romanato:
David Orban:

VIDEOID:Cm9onOGTgeM
   -    :Duplicate content is an old tactic and thanks for google updates. I beleive 
they are not using it anymore. But canonical tag is good for the websites 
who are publishing same content under different listing pages.
Karen Mabazza:In writing canonical code <link rel=canonical href=
https://www.example.com /> will there be an effect in SEO if we put it 
this way <link rel=canonical href=example.com /> without the http and 
the www or is should be written with htto and www. Hoping for your response
Hosting Ecuador EC:Necesitas usar 301 ? deberas ver esto
Canonical Link Element
Tatoke kokipa:I will point to a empty canonical for now, i hope i can display my messege 
in the future.
Tatoke kokipa:Ive created a automated canonical rel, when everything is fine i want to 
display a messege, Automated canonical by such and such, dus resulting in 
404, does this affect the indexing and ranking?...Does anybody know?
Intrepid Network, Inc.:
Khaled Kal Elsehsah:
Andre W. Klein:How to tell Google what page with duplicate or similar content is the one 
that we want them to index and consider our preferred content.
Edgar Rolla:Found it! Nevermind. Sorry! *-*
Edgar Rolla:GREEEEAT video, Matt! But I've got a question: you mention (around min 
4:30) that on webmaster tools we can choose between 3w or non-3w versions. 
I've been looking into it for around 10 minutes now and can't seem to 
locate where I can actually set that up. Can you help me on this one? o. 
Thanks!
1Source SEO Houston:Always learn great stuff about SEO from Matt. 
Spook SEO:It is mindblowing watching this video right now (considering its already 
2013). Seems that Matt still has the same diplomatic way of answering. 
Cheers!
freekzero:I don't get it.
Murray:Time is running out
Murray:nope, no point
freekzero:I do. Your point?
Murray:remember when you wrote this 4 years ago?
Inno-Smart Barcelona:How to fix the canonical link element in your website? +Matt Cutts 
Kundan Bora:Cannonical Isuuse #kundanbora #SEO services
  #webconsultant  
Todd Johnson:SEO 101:
What is the rel=canonical attribute?
The rel='canonical' attribute is an HTML element that enables webmasters to 
prevent duplicate content issues by specifying the "canonical", or 
"preferred", version of a web page.
http://youtu.be/Cm9onOGTgeM

VIDEOID:yS7U0fn85G4

VIDEOID:fx3QxOOwJSM
Kenji Suzuki:happy?
Camilo Andrs Reyes:hahahaha, how cool was that?? ;)
Yoguely:Watch me dance my way to NASA! Happy Across the USA
Dorothy Rashid:congratulations, love your video!
Yoguely:Almost at 2000 views and 200 subscribers. Help me out by *sharing this 
video*. Much appreciated! :D More videos to come! Happy Across the USA
James Stansell (Jester of Fabulous):I dance across the US from Miami, Florida to San Francisco, California to 
intern at +NASA Ames Research Center !

Be sure to click *Thumbs Up* on the video and reshare with friends! Enjoy! 
(n.n)b

Happy Across the USA

+NASA +Friends of NASA +NASA Orion 
Chelsea Partridge:Love this! Watch as the always amazing <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/115624658642252372677" oid="115624658642252372677">Aida Yoguely</a></span>dances to &quot;Happy&quot; across the US
Latif Khan:u r really great traveler 
LeonAida:Tons of amazing places to see in the US. YOU WILL BE AMAZED. Happy Across 
the USA
John Gordon:Nice......love the song... the dance, and the smile....Thank you 
Yoguely......reminds me of Thorium, happy, but that's another talk : )
danseur101:Boricuas (like me) be like, 'nah I ain't taking picture, I'm gonna dance!' 
Loved the video, just amazing. Keep going, you're awesome c:
Kim Calvert:Fun times! Revisited some dear memories. I Thank You. Blessings! 
Fengkai Hu:Never seen such a fantasist video!
The next step is traveling the world!
The Fantastic Charles Cortes (Chuckster):
The Fantastic Charles Cortes (Chuckster):That was great. Glad you had fun.
pericocream:You missed Denver! You have to fly into Denver, we have a really big 
airport.... that can be a bit difficult to navigate.... come on, big 
airports are cool! oh yeah, we also have beautiful mountains and scenery. I 
recommend Rocky Mountain National Park. :) 
Kenji Suzuki:~
LeonAida:Take your car out for a spin! Thumbs up, reshare, and enjoy!

Subscribe to stay tuned to my new travel series!
LeonAida:Sometimes you can see much more by land than plane! Roadtrip's rock! Thumbs 
up, reshare, and Enjoy!!

Subscribe to my channel to stay tuned to my new travel series!

Happy Across the USA 
mohinda23:that was great! enjoy your school year now

VIDEOID:7zvAfon4Xak
Jared Bohan:Lol everyone considers San Jose to be soccer city USA. Even portland fans 
say it is
knightky007:why the hell are they showing the same goal over and over again in this 
video? Doesn't Portland have another goals to show?? 
Chris V:Go Galaxy!
Mr. Wrar:Really?!? Portland has been Soccer City, USA since 1975, Only in 2009 was 
Seattle called that in their MLS debut. Since the true Soccer City joined 
MLS in 2011 Portland has proven once again that they are the true owners of 
that title.
Lou Kerner:Great video Mike. #GSB88
222bella1:LOVE LOVE This video #every moment of every game rocks to be supporting 
this team #gotimbers #rctid 
wefwef:Wait I expected Soccer City USA... not Portland. Don't mislead me into 
thinking I'm going to watch a Sounders video!
amartinsu13:I LOVE these new 'profiles' you're posting of GSB alums. I really hope you 
guys post many more! I'm sure many GSB have great success stories, and each 
video serves to inspire the next generation :)

VIDEOID:FHh1aVDn7dI
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference: <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23crowdfunding">#crowdfunding</a>   <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23equitycrowfunding">#equitycrowfunding</a> 
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:

VIDEOID:vQahrpWtKSM
anewtei:-  Suits :D
Val G:         ??
Tatyana Illyash:       ! ! ,  
- !
 :      Emigrantvideo? 
 :  !  ! 

VIDEOID:lWTTkId16CQ
Oksana Salik: ! , ,   ,    
 ?    ?         
 ?   
 : !           
 :    !        !
Tatyana Illyash:,      ?      
    
IrchykIrchyk:    !!!
 : ,         ,  
 ,     .

VIDEOID:6jSbRchr-XY
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:Lists of Real Estate Crowdfunding Platforms In the USA . CrowdFund Beat 
http://ow.ly/IMWp0
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:

VIDEOID:FyHMqBfcxKk
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:

VIDEOID:pue66KT5-28
Marketing Reload:

VIDEOID:z6hbQO9Pr8U
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:Lists of Real Estate Crowdfunding Platforms In the USA . CrowdFund Beat 
http://ow.ly/IMWp0
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:

VIDEOID:Ayh-oqKuwXs

VIDEOID:Xb5DwNdowzU
OurTrip Videos:

VIDEOID:rx0MD2DUbRk

VIDEOID:ii2XEe_Ktrw
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:

VIDEOID:qt0G-jGB4hY
KiMisSerbia:LOL You know nothing, go back to your butterfly effect way of life...
angelica797:i was there!! lol that game was amazing. that one group of Serbs on the 
other side of the pool were so annoying. great game, thanks for posting 
this!
cadillac116:This game was at Stanford and finished in a 13-13 tie.

VIDEOID:rwJaiv73KK0

VIDEOID:fe7fsjGh6p4
1888junkteam:excellent work!

VIDEOID:FwMfLvFyvZ0

VIDEOID:v1nz0EJbZ8o
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:

VIDEOID:A4Lz14QdUS8
OurTrip Videos:

VIDEOID:dU0KivzqcYk
shimajunneo: 

VIDEOID:tCXiS_Thn0c

VIDEOID:F_ClADssKv4
sale marketing:HIGHWAY SNOW BLOWER USA
Chicago

VIDEOID:H2q2oZTJn4o

VIDEOID:kDr38jmJvxQ

VIDEOID:IseXQyl_KXI

VIDEOID:ip9Ox1yB_8Y

VIDEOID:k9uMiVTuHeE

VIDEOID:n0vSGm9KIuU
Condi Videos:Condi!!!

VIDEOID:3IbYjWHNZsk

VIDEOID:hbU3Mw_7w5U

VIDEOID:CtY6vKRER7k

VIDEOID:fSktO4lpa-A

VIDEOID:qr_xpkVY_l4

VIDEOID:LNu4gs5ipWM
Ujena Swimwear:

VIDEOID:fL71nKF0pvg
luiz felipe Saldanha:Morena de vestido gostosa
Pedro Pedrinho:Briga feia Entre Mulher
Marcio Oliveira:the prossima ves to fight for places chorte
Ronad Borges:Que merda! Ela usa peruca... Kkkk
samuel maximo:essas criaturas so mulheres?   no   pra mim.
Carlos Eduardo da Silva:Os negros americanos so muito ridculos!! O negro brasileiro tem seu 
valor, mas hoje em dia quer imitar essas merdas dos E.U.A.!!!
Mestres Tete:que engraado eu me fartei de rir
talentos mexico:VIDEO EDITING STILL VERY GOOD, LIKE ME AS MUCH PERSONAL GREETINGS FROM 
MEXICO ..
Leticia Souza:rashin sabis ko mutum ... unoccupied womens =-O
bigred4464:I could nut to this all day..!
Tecnico   Informatica. Mendes:kkkkkkkkk   very nice  bb
Ich Du:BLACK NIGGER FEMININO GOT DEEP BLACK VAGINAS ?? WFT o_o
albertino rosario rodrigues:watch the video and sign on my channel

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL71nKF0pvg

Two women fight in the United States of America- USA until their panties 
and bra
,,,,,,,,,,, Fight fight between two young people in the United States of 
America fighting a pump ...
YOUTUBE.COM
Eloilson Eloilson Conceicao Do Carmo:Mas uma captura do MhS channel
MHS- YouTube:Mas uma captura do MhS channel

VIDEOID:LGHJXB1R1us
Christopher Rivas:@kalanidmb17 that was actually played in 2000....
neruto281:Dang...why doesn't the USMNT come back and play in the bay!! Closest we get 
is Carson city...s-cal--no N-Cal...not since USA vs China friendly San Jose 
CA.....
Andrew Mueller:Oh, Canada
black84:stay owning!!!
Emi:i wasnt born yet..... js
xRawrItsIan:@megapark2 shut up, it was the 90's. What do you expect.
kalanidmb17:can we get highlights of the 97 qualifier against Guatemala ???? THE 
BUILDING IS SHAKING! 
Rudderbuns:keller had hair?!?!? :o 
Mike Dawson:missing keller right about now... seattle</3 
J. Rock:This ABC 7.? They should start airing U.S. soccer games on ABC 7 again like 
they use to 
mainiacJack1:1:26 some crowd
DaMexican1000:Keller!!! Great goalie during hs time
Amagic21:2:40 is a midfielders dream ball.
U.S. Soccer:@bbang1989 April 2, 1985. A 2-0 win for Canada win a World Cup qualifier.
bbang1989:does anybody know the last time canada beat the USMNT?
Drew B:USA ALL DAY!!

VIDEOID:O0JhS_HuMvg
Ineke Mateman:But......., does it fly........?
Nikolay Tanev:Really nice work guys! Put some better explanation videos so kids can 
understand the technology and make theese ideas their everyday stuff when 
they grow up!
Sainbayar Beejin:Pipistrel Taurus G4 Electric Aircraft winner of $: 
http://youtu.be/O0JhS_HuMvg
EV ADVANCEMENT Carter Kerry:Pipistrel Taurus G4 Electric Aircraft winner of $: 
http://youtu.be/O0JhS_HuMvg
Jukka Takamaa:This is 10 000 usd max. Now there is everyman's solar powered AC coming up; 
http://max3fan.blogspot.com !
Jay cee:is electric propulsion currently not capable of producing enough power to 
replace jet engine passengers planes. if you take 100 tons of batteries and 
100 tons of aviation fuel will the aviation fuel out perform 100 tons of 
batteries with current technology. will electric ducted fans not be able to 
our perform fuel jet engines with current technogloy. also the issue with 
battery aircraft is the weight remains unlike 100tons of fuel which gets 
burnt away
Romano Coombs:Look up TED TALK: liquid metal battery...the future is soon.
Romano Coombs:Amen. I'm now also curious as to if biplane models are now viable for 
electric design, seeing as they have 2x the Lift potential of mono-wing and 
we have lighter materials to use than thse of the 1920s! Sexy, hippie 
planes are go?
fifi23o5:Why do you have to comment something you have no idea about? Actually it's 
just the opposite! This way the weight is more evenly distributed along the 
wing....
dave alen:What is the speed and range? Idf like to put a tesla motor in a cessana 172 
or 150. im a electronic tech in fl.
Scrapheap71:Can anyone explain to me why everything that Pipistrel makes, I want to 
have sex with??
TecnamTwin:Never say never. Who would have thought in 1940 that something like the 
I-phone was even possible, ever? Some people that were alive in 1940 are 
still alive today, so you may get to see the day that there are 1000 mile 
range electric cars that can charge up in 15 min. When 600 mile range 
electric cars come out, the ICE will be phased out. It might even be banned.
lamborghini92able:can i know what types of battery used?
steelefist:The battery technology already exists in the form of lithium air cells.
Mykola Pryhodko:i! Cool! ;-) 
electrickid101:This is really an impressive aircraft :) keep up the great work
Astronautical Films:that is a sexy aircraft (i druled)
ThatMiserableCat:Congratulations to those who designed this remarkable craft. It proves that 
an electrically powered aircraft can carry 4 people 200 miles using less 
than 1 gallon of fuel per passenger. And that's all. Although it met the 
requirements for the prize, electrically powered aircraft will never be 
affordable or practical. Not until batteries can be made with 4X the energy 
density, 1/2 the weight and 1/4 the PRICE. Then it MAY be semi-practical. 
But that's not gonna happen in our lifetimes.
SUELTORD:x un mun2 sin contaminacin
nightowl8936:This aircraft designer is both conservative and daring. He is conservative 
for using a glider design as his base and adding an electric motor to it to 
enable it to fly in its own without wind, but also daring for coming up 
with an unusual seating arrangement, two cockpits on either side of the 
propeller ... thats somewhat unorthodox and shows he is not afraid to do 
something new to innovate. Impressive and congratulations to the team and 
the lead designer. You've added to the world's technology.

VIDEOID:pOOW0hQgVPQ
Brian Coyle:The thumbnail videos offered to the side of this video are absurd. Does 
that reflect what's available? Those who make videos seem to be people on a 
mission to be heard, not share information. "100 year old Math Teacher 
Slams Common Core" - seriously? Vile animosity couched as knowledge about 
education? Why should the Tea Party post about math education? Have they 
spent decades studying it? Have we no respect for professional educators? 
If Common Core fails, if US students don't learn math, that's the real 
reason - we denigrate educators. The reason kids don't show classroom 
respect is because they know society doesn't respect teachers. Their 
parents include people shouting down common core.
Brian Coyle:Amusing to see someone claim the elite will use another teaching method for 
their kids, and singling out Gates and his generation as examples of people 
who learned math a different way. Expensive private schools don't do rote 
memorization, because parents don't want what that produces: middle-level 
performers. Gates' generation learned an earlier, also visciously attacked 
math curriculum - New Math.Parents hated it, because it emphasized set 
theory, which they'd never heard of. Isn't it funny, then, that today's 
programming languages, the one's that run the devices you're reading, are 
based on set theory (now called type theory.)  Makes you wonder ....
Wesley Estes:Why would math supposed to be changed? We've been doing math one way for 
very long and it has worked excellent. What imbecile decided to change it; 
makes math as a whole more difficult for some students!
Roland Smith:Beautiful thank you for sharing
Patricia H:
Calvin Cortez:Kids will never use common core in real life when they grow up.
D Melstrand:It blows me away that people are stupid enough to think this way.  This way 
proves that anyone can get a college degree.  The further one goes back in 
the past, the better America's performance is and this is an undeniable 
fact.  This person's head is so far up their rear end it is pathetic.  No 
such thing as a math gift?!?  I have know more than ten people at least who 
had amazing gifts and talents for math.  Did Isaac Newton have a gift for 
math?  I think so.  This person is a total idiot!!!!
CapAnson12345:Except there's one massive hole in this line of reasoning
1.The US is lagging behind in math.  
2.They don't use common core
3.Other countries use common core.
4.Therefore the US should use common core.

It's like saying: 
1. Turtles run slower than Cheetahs
2. Turtles don't have fur
3. Cheetahs have fur
4. Therefore we should breed turtles with fur.  

Might there be some OTHER explanation for why Turtles run slower?
FuckYouGooglePlus:The "how do you see the squares growing" is the PERFECT example of 
everything that is wrong with Common Core. IT has nothing to do with math 
at all. (And, you dumb cunt...you teach an an AMERICAN school..So it is 
MATH...not MATHS. If you come to our fucking country, use OUR language.)

Math isn't about FEELING...or creativity. This is like ANOTHER Simpsons 
episode, Girls Just Want to Have Sums, this one where they separate 
Springfield Elementary into a Boys and Girls school, with the boys getting 
all the math and science classes and the girls getting worhtless classes. 
Their "math" class asked questions like "How do numbers make you feel?" 
"What does a plus sign smell like?" "Is the number 7 odd, or just 
different?"

Once again, The Simpsons predicted the absurdity of Common Core.
FuckYouGooglePlus:What a joke. Math is math. They are facts. There is no REASONING with math. 
And dumbing down math for the entire class so that the slower kids can get 
it simply makes EVERYONE dumb. IT is like The Simpsons episode "You Only 
Move Twice" where Homer gets the job with Hank Scorpio and they move to 
Cypress Creek, and Bart is put in a remedial class at his new school 
because he isn't at a 4th grade level., Even he realizes how stupid it is 
that his class is moving at a much slower pace when the job is to try to 
get these students to catch up to their classmates.

The Simpsons apparently predicted the stupidity of Common Core almost a 
decade and a half before it existed.

Tell me something, Stanford...IF students need Common Core, then how come 
when they were taught math the CORRECT way, American students still 
excelled in science and technology fields compared to the rest of the 
world. But now they don't?

 IT is simple...if you can't do simple math...addition, subtraction, 
multiplication, division and even long division the "normal" way, then you 
are NOT going to be a scientist, engineer or have any career that requires 
math. You will be one of the many who spends $250,000+ on a useless 
Stanford degree just to get a job making coffee at Starbucks.
Sam Takara:I'd be interested in going through this as an adult. I hated math as a kid, 
failed several times during high school and college, and was definitely a 
math-phobe for a long time!
Marvin Cohen:Don't miss the Jo Boaler video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOOW0hQgVPQ 
that is from the footnotes of the article Abby posted below..
Thanks Abby.  20 minutes
bluuterra:You can be sure that Common Core math is nothing like how math is taught in 
other countries where students exhibit a higher level of math performance.
Robby Lafont:Bill Gates funds it...I know this already...so what....
Jake Clayton:Common Core is poison to our education system.  It will leave every kid 
behind.  It will make our kids hate math even more!!!!
JoAnne Hawbaker:Ridiculous! 
Mike Miciano:Why Students need Common Core Math: http://youtu.be/pOOW0hQgVPQ
Nick Fotopoulos:My son is in first grade.  I would say academically he is currently 
average.  It was a little shaky at first but about half way through the 
year he got things down.  He doesn't even know what 'multiplication' or 
'division' is yet, but because of the way he is being taught addition and 
subtraction he already understands the principles.  He can easily figure 
out in his head how many 2's ( or n's) are in a larger number (division) 
and can count by almost any number (multiplication). Every time I work with 
him on something he sees numbers and equations in incredibly insightful 
ways.  He understands that 2 + 8, 10, 27 - 17 and  1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 
+ 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 are all just different ways of writing the same value. The 
biggest problem with the teaching methods being used right now is that 
schools aren't doing enough to help parents understand.  Kids come home 
with homework that is foreign to them and they can't help them.  School 
need to send home handouts that explain new terminology and ways of 
thinking so parents can help their kids with their homework.
nativepangea:Your gonna need a bigger chalkboard. 
Maddy TWDG:Common core is just making kids slaves to the government 

VIDEOID:rPEWnHP4yr8
Di'No Blade Brown - Extinct Entertainment - East Palo Alto, CA:Watch now
Di'No Blade Brown - Extinct Entertainment - East Palo Alto, CA:Watch my new music video 
#YouWont #WelcomeToLaUsa coming #May2014 

VIDEOID:lqeCyTmVfI0

VIDEOID:LDYYjbErLpc

VIDEOID:HCWTHZ1rA7U
SovereignDirt:Are you obligated to open the door? Can I see the obligation?
Are you obligated to sign? Can you see the obligation?
No obligation = no comply.
"If you have the right to come in here sir, go ahead and kick the door in 
otherwise remove yourself from these premises and restore to me, my dignity 
and liberty."

Arguing "the law" or "the constitution" does  nothing... it's "their 
opinion" of the "codes" you have to attack!!!

Is it your opinion, the law applies to me? Based on what facts and evidence 
did you form this opinion? Is it infallible? So it could be wrong? Is it an 
arbitrary opinion? Based on what? Your willingness to use violence?

1. Pardon me(.)(?)(!) REPEAT OFTEN
2. What is the emergency and how can I help? ESTABLISHES "CRIMINAL" STOP 
AND WILLINGNESS TO HELP/COMPLY
3. Am I being detained?/ arrested?/ free to go? ESTABLISHES YOU "ARE" UNDER 
ARREST(Don't think so? Run.)
4. I "BELIEVE" I am in a custodial arrest "BECAUSE" I am not free to leave; 
If I give you anything (NAME, ID, INFO, CONSENT, pizza, Bieber tickets, 
herpes) will you use it to further a legal charge against me? ESTABLISHES 
"LAWFUL" AUTHORITY TO USE FORCE = NONE (If "yes", why give him anything? If 
"no", why give him anything?)

MARCSTEVENSdotNET for the win/damage control:
"What facts or evidence do you rely on to prove YOUR OPINION Bob Blob Law 
applies to me?"

Other helpful questions:
If I give you power to limit my choices, will you use it against me?
Am I obligated too __? Can I see the obligation?
Do we have a contract?
Please, (fill_in_the_blank) (.)(?)(!) (can be a question or statement - who 
decides?)
Is it ok if I (fill_in_the_blank)?
Can I choose to (fill_in_the_blank)?
Who am I to....?
Who suffered a loss?
Am I obligated to have such a thing?
Did I not?(No, you did not or yes, you did not?)
What is a "state"?

Print, post, share and stick it in your visor and spoke it!
Safe travels.
libra8a:So if they are spraying something harmful(chemtrails) where do the people 
behind it live? On the Moon? They are spraying themselves, their loved 
ones, their friends and families. I never can get a logical answer for this 
question. For the record I am anti police and pro Constitution.
OneTrueBabe:San Antonio Police & OneTrueBabe April 2015

VIDEOID:rTMiFpdwgh4

VIDEOID:gKJheT38V88
umar syed:Salam. Is it possible if you can put subtitle. The sound system is not 
good, cannot really understand


VIDEOID:zCUxANkwaUg
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:

VIDEOID:rWLik_JKD0w
Agriculture Div:gdfsg
Haku Tsering:A very good translator. Very humble 
catswong:
Thupten Thupten:I am glad that Rinpoche has got such a wonderful translator! Thank you!
jampa gelek:thanks
Karma Kunga:Karmapa Chenno ! Karmapa Chenno ! Karmapa Chenno !
Analinah Dele-Hoffmann:Karmapa Chenno *()*
ULRIKA EHN:
Fungping Lam:Karmapa Chenno
:
Karmapa:Karmapa at Stanford: Evening Lecture on Environment and Techinology

http://the17thkarmapa.blogspot.tw/2015/03/karmapa-at-stanford-evening-lecture-on.html

Marc Druten:great 1st stop, looking forward to rest of the tour, keep up the humor and 
have a good laugh, nice interview!
Yves Dorleans:
stljoy:
Nyigma Tsomo Tsevegdorj:
Khaliun Tsevegdorj:

VIDEOID:dzkx8-f7Tno
Aaron Ogle:Is he accessing his computer through a web based remote viewer? 

VIDEOID:KjfwKhD6wFE

VIDEOID:6ea3oAQ5umw

VIDEOID:_dRy1RWi36s
HackerRank:

VIDEOID:7KLOJTI1TLw
HackerRank:

VIDEOID:7nfGAbNsEZY

VIDEOID:3zh4MaIbdUM
david esktorp:Kinda noisey, but I'm a sucker for the Mule Skinner's Blues.
Gregg Day:Country Funk Duff's gotta new hat.

VIDEOID:bbtOhJfVhxs

VIDEOID:NKITOuOLa9Y
Tuukka Jskelinen:what software was used for making the last two songs? they were just 
amazing!

VIDEOID:5oCfMjGEbZo
Patricia Quilichini:The music is sensational but visually we are not able to appreciate the 
screen display due to the visual interruption of the microphone and the 
location of the video camera documenting your process. But I congratulate 
you, the music is fantastic.
Justin Joyce:That mic is quite the diva.
Charles Martin:yeah malletkat!

VIDEOID:xZiD5VdpDTs
Rui Nuno Capela:no doubt louigi drones are really inspiring. Harry may well be using using 
a biffed up sample of sorts. but the hammer tool at hand is nothing else 
but "luppp", indeed Harry's offspring, thrown to the circus-of-lions a 
couple of days before :)

VIDEOID:BXydJG7lT6I
Gregg Day:When are Deb and Duff coming back. I hear Duff has a new hat !!!

VIDEOID:PNg3fiHvOZs
Gregg Day:When are Deb & Duff coming back. I want to Duff's new hat.
Gregg Day:Deb and Duff you go daddy-o, rocking that beatnik sound. Let's see more!

VIDEOID:aiaPd2vO_54
erbas andrade:Great video friend but I have a problem I can not set Openelec with 
TVheadend with cs of use wanted to use the satellite 70w in my DVB-S2 
tunner. Over all this and a new world to me! I have a box wetek box play 
and I wonder if can help.
Danny Gomes:hi nice demo, I have installed xbmc on my pc, now here your are showing sd 
card which is already downloaded,do you have a video how to do step by 
step? Thank you.
bobby royster:Hi I got the same setup.. I am using the app on my phone to control the 
rasberry pii

how did you get the standard TV remote to operate the ras-pii..I would 
think you need an IR, 
thanks
Jo Shmo:What is the USB micro-B connector for and do you have an external hard 
drive for recorded tv?    
Jo Shmo:Will it support chrome OS? I have been looking for a way to stream to my 
chromebook. What are the charges? I heard you need a subscription.  
R Brown (4Crawler):Time to put some brains in the dumb TV.

VIDEOID:uF9liJplQeY
clroger:

VIDEOID:jgT9UD6Ug6w
clroger:

VIDEOID:DmrbBllXh68
logmeinish: .
Al E:               
   .
Mikhael Chernov:    "      "..  , 1. 
     ?        
-? 2.          ,  
 ""  ), ,       ? 
.
 :         .    
.   ,       
   ,       
(   )       .
zorg1us:IT       ,       
  (     ),   
     ,   
  (     ,  
CCDA),  .       .   
  ,    ,      
        .      
 ,    ,    15     
 ,      Active Directory. 
   ,     ,     
  ,   .
 :            
            
.       "" 
   . 
wwarperr:    ?
  : ,   -  ,     
.
Alex Kondakov:...       -    - 
\ .       ,  
       ,    .
  !  
arat Muchamedjanov:   :)-     
)   
Dmytro Mandryka:         ,   
   .     Cisco/Juniper   
  .
 :  !
      .      
.    . 
SiliconValleyVoice:   : 24 ,   ,  linux .
 3     ,     
-. -      
,       .  
  Red Hat Certified Engineer.
 - H1B     .

  ,        :
, ,     MOOC(massive open online course )?
     ,      "Introduction to 
Computer Science and Programming Using Python"  EDx.
  !        
,  ,     .
   ,    .    
   3-4  .
       2-3  ?
          ?
    (edx.org, coursera),    
   ,     id 
verified.

  ,  - .
     ,  Harvard Extension School, 
Stanford Center for Professional Development.
       ,   
 master .
    2000$.
     ?

  -:     h1b  : redhat, 
cisco,  ..

   ,    ,  
    work experience  ,   
     ?

VIDEOID:ft1nplN-K5g
Pebble Development:

VIDEOID:hV30O05wAF8

VIDEOID:6vH2foxMZos
Warp:I was at this talk, and along with the keynote from the CTO of Joyent, this 
was the most awesome talk at Couchbase Connect 2015.  I hope the Joyent 
talk gets posted too.    I just love me some DevOps and I love me some 
Elastic Scalability.

VIDEOID:JTrAArbO4cw
ZEUSOFHOLLYWOOD:Crap demo.
Adel Hamdi Hafez:

VIDEOID:1umvLS-_c8o
FDog16:      ,     
    ,    .  
       1-2  .   
,         .
Johnes Richter:       ?
Alex Dymshits:  !!!       !!!
Olga Stand:,       PhD      
     ?   ,      
             
    .  PhD   
  ,  tuition,   
   undergraduate students     .  
         
 . ,        ,  
   . 


,        ,     PhD 
   ,  ( 5 ),   
        .  
 ,   Computer Science  Economics.   
 ,    TOEFL  GRE,   
    http://gradus.org/usa_howto/.   
        ,    
 H1B  3-4 . 27     -  
.
gradstudent:,       PhD      
     ?   ,      
             
    .  PhD   
  ,  tuition,   
   undergraduate students     .  
         
 . ,        ,  
   . 


,        ,     PhD 
   ,  ( 5 ),   
        .  
 ,   Computer Science  Economics.   
 ,    TOEFL  GRE,   
    http://gradus.org/usa_howto/.   
        ,    
 H1B  3-4 . 27     -  
.
Romero SanFran:      .     
     iOS,     :)
Axe5345:  ! ,  ,     - , 
   , ,        
?  ,   ?         ,  
  ,        .    
  ..     !   
  !
radhitor:,   ,     android.
MegaCJ25:     ,     
   ,         
  ,    .     
      ,    
  .   ,     , 
-   ,   ,    
 .
   ,  , ,   ,    
      ? 
az0009990:    .
Sergei Koshel:  .   -     
,       . 
Valentin Anischenko:(4 )      ? 
Alex Bo:   java   "php/javascript/Ajax/jquery/MySql"  
   ?        .  
-   .
Olaf Nord:"    .  GC,     ".   
  ?    .     :" 
 ,     ".
SiliconValleyVoice:    : : 27 . .

:     ,  
    (     
  .  ,  ,  
     .. )      
, ..      .   ,  .
:  (   intermediate  upper-intermediate)
 :   

:      3-4   .
    .  GC,     .
   :
 ,       . 
    .      .    
 ?  PHP, ++, Linux,    
 .
 ,     php/javascript/Ajax/jquery/MySql  
 web-,   java     
.
  ,    H1-B.
    ,  
  .
 1,5        .   
       h1-b
     ,        ,  
 ?

VIDEOID:Ti3IosC3QBo
Abner Diaz:

VIDEOID:Q59IHBsNFg4
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):creo que nadie noto que al final del vdeo, la imagen desaparece y queda un 
solo de bajo para darle intensidad al final.

creo que nadie aguanta 5 minutos viendo una imagen esttica. 
Willy Hatsune:Si mi mama me apoyara y me viera como un MiniProductor y no como "Alguien 
que pierde el tiempo" me ira mejor por que asi mi autoestima estuviera mas 
elevado y aria temas fuertes he intensos, pero como mi autoestima esta 
desplomado por el piso, pues, eso no pasara.

Les dejo algo de mi
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Si mi mama me apoyara y me viera como un MiniProductor y no como "Alguien 
que pierde el tiempo" me ira mejor por que asi mi autoestima estuviera mas 
elevado y aria temas fuertes he intensos, pero como mi autoestima esta 
desplomado por el piso, pues, eso no pasara.

Les dejo algo de mi
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Les traigo por aqu la versin para youtube de mi mas reciente tema Funky, 
para serles sincero, la calidad del audio de mis temas en youtube, no es 
igual a las de soundcloud, las de youtube estn alteradas y las de 
SundCloud no lo estn.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Les traigo por aqu la versin para youtube de mi mas reciente tema Funky, 
para serles sincero, la calidad del audio de mis temas en youtube, no es 
igual a las de soundcloud, las de youtube estn alteradas y las de 
SundCloud no lo estn.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Les traigo por aqu la versin para youtube de mi mas reciente tema Funky, 
para serles sincero, la calidad del audio de mis temas en youtube, no es 
igual a las de soundcloud, las de youtube estn alteradas y las de 
SundCloud no lo estn.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Les traigo por aqu la versin para youtube de mi mas reciente tema Funky, 
para serles sincero, la calidad del audio de mis temas en youtube, no es 
igual a las de soundcloud, las de youtube estn alteradas y las de 
SundCloud no lo estn.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):#NuevaMusica Funky - Ronaldo Rodriguez (Original Mix)

VIDEOID:rLSys22V1Ps
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):+Willy Hatsune  este tema es una instrumental, necesito alguien que me 
preste su voz para crear un genero Trance Super Party.

VIDEOID:tK6SIc0IZNY
Protoss 01:Ta piola, la verdad me gusta bastante.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):este tema no esta alistado en el canal, pero se los dejo por aqu.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):+DekorestFeudel  este es el ultimo tema que subi.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Disculpe amable persona, perdone que comente su publicacin, pero no pude 
evitar ver la carencia de comentarios en esta publicacin, as que como 
buen usuario de esta red social le colaborare con un comentario para 
contribuir con el desarrollo de su buena autoestima y para que su 
publicacin no sea ignorada, mis mas grandes deseos para usted.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Nuevo tema musical:

Summer Days - Ronaldo Rodriguez (Future Beat) Audios HQ

VIDEOID:oCn_t2CztoI
El Invector:Como siempre buen tema.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Les dejo mi nuevo tema.

trate de hacer que el sonido sea lo mas parecido a una trompeta.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Les dejo mi nuevo tema.

trate de hacer que el sonido sea lo mas parecido a una trompeta.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Les dejo mi nuevo tema.

trate de hacer que el sonido sea lo mas parecido a una trompeta.
Ronaldo Rodriguez (El Egocentrista):Musica: Ronaldo Rodriguez.

Idea: Ronaldo Rodriguez.

composicin: Ronaldo Rodriguez.


VIDEOID:8Qo6ABYEpbo
El Invector:Aqu si es como para echarte un viaaaaaajeeeeeeeeee. _
Grnor:Hola, este se me hace familiar creo que lo escuch antes, no se si es un 
video resubido o es parecido a uno o mas de tus otros videos. Est bueno el 
tema.

VIDEOID:yM7nyIyEMdc
724supportTV:Yes indeed. All our videos are shot within 4 feet of a stack of eight of 
these servers. Not only would a single one work in a living room, but you 
could easily mount it in Ikea's Lack side table ($9.99 today) which has the 
exact width of a 19" server rack.
Bert Bulboaca:hi nice & informative video. just one question: is it really that silent as 
it seems in the demo? question is whether it's usable in a "home" 
environment, in the living room, without having to shout all the time?:)
Evgen Pushkar:A good overview
724supportTV:I can physically fit 1.25" or 31mm of USB drive, measuring from the tip of 
the silver connector.
724supportTV:@murrayda2413 I'll take a measurement and report back with a maximum 
height/length.
murrayda2413:Any recommendations on an internal USB to run disk-less? Specifically, how 
large (physically) can the flash drive be, and still be able to re-install 
the cover
724 Support:

VIDEOID:bVCxqtur1q8
Pieh0:Next time, show the wattage, Amps is meaning when trying to figure out 
power costs over a period of time.

Sure you could do the conversion, but for the sake of a button press, you 
could show it and do everyone a favour.
invaded:not enough video for the atom noise sample.
epd807:Get rid of the music!
Zubin Butt:Had to Mute around halfway through the vid 
Bogdan Velica:one silly question please? Are these atoms servers good for a website? 
wordpress with 5000 visitors a day? Thank you
Tom Foxtrot:Whats with the techno music?! Very annoying.
fringpod:5:18 hard drive cables 
Hikari:Holy Crap The Music Is Loud O.O
Nikolaos Beglitis:Thank you for the video. I have a few of these and I found out that in room 
temperatures without any air conditioning i.e. in this case my room these 
overheat if they are sandwiched inside a rack. I had to put a pair of 
40x40x10mm fans in the vents aligned in front of the CPU to keep the 
temperatures down. The fans are good quality, Noctuas, Gelid etc but the 
airflow through the vents creates noise - the vents are not really designed 
for that purpose. The middle ones idle at 69C and 74C (core 1 and 2) while 
the bottom one with no other machine underneath it idles at mid 60s.Let me 
know if this is not what you have observed, maybe I am doing something 
wrong.
buyserver:nice video
parawizard:Sealing the front of the server with a piece of cardboard cutout to fit 
snuggly decreases inside temps by a large margin with these cases. The PSU 
will draw from the board of the case over the board/cpu and through itself. 
Without the cardboard panel in the front panel it will have a hard time.
Gustavo Almeida:Atom support virtualization ?
Max Smirnov:Love supermicro!
konkakonkadudu:Does SuperMicro make a version with 4 on-board gigabit NICs?
Datalore74:good vid. hold the music in the future
Datalore74:Halt the music
lelobam2:I Like the music, You can give-me the name? Thanks for the video. Its very 
usefull!
urbex2007:Agreed, they all seem to think people want music at the same or higher 
level than voices. It completely ruins what might be a good video. You 
would think they would watch the video before uploading it. I got to 3min 
53s and hit stop.
SmerrillS Reviews:The drives were not upside down anyway when he put it in. He put the drives 
in right side up, but when he installed it, the CAGE was upside down. And 
when he put it in the machine, he flipped it around, and voila the whole 
thing is right side up again
Windward:loved it, but would rather hear you over the music!!

VIDEOID:O_QigrXrsjE
R Brown (4Crawler):How to enable the hardware MPEG and VC1 decoding on the Raspberry Pi.

VIDEOID:LJLJGpcJMCs

VIDEOID:v7aXG2-z4bE

VIDEOID:2ClWHer-3Co

VIDEOID:Q0p6ZC3D82s
Douglas Coffman:Understanding is control, control your internet pages...

VIDEOID:3bkWSlwY_Y4
Mike Smith:I heard theres droidBMC 
R Brown (4Crawler):What the heck is up with all these names?

VIDEOID:HxL2iuzqd3g

VIDEOID:wmUQFmCRlXs
p3456782903'094837652:no enti3ndo nadaa esa idioma  tan fea 
Simply Extensions:I recently came across you youtube account and thought to say hi.
CastelmanxD (CAS AVENA):muy buena entrevista quien lo huviera pensado pero lo malo es que no me 
funcionaron los subtitulos en espaol, pero me sirvio saver ingles un poco, 
por lo tengo entedido hablaron un poco sobre la diplomacia de google no?

VIDEOID:6hft58V7Ebo
Raymond Nichols:Looks cool this game. Like the art of the city.

VIDEOID:3TNHHAwBHBs
Jaime:

VIDEOID:QhiJNAsMBdE

VIDEOID:rB5b67Cg6bc
Julien Valry:great talk, so instructive, thanks a lot 
Rocksy Seletska:
Nicolas Canfrere:
Charif BELHAFFEF:Thank's
JS Media:
Vee Satayamas:
Steve Da Internet:Testing Directives
Thomas Amsler:

VIDEOID:YakGOZLU6aY
SocioPsycho:

VIDEOID:uA54T6R8nhs

VIDEOID:e-XFk16tz0Y
Borntorage:HAHA YOUR FRIEND WITH A 5 YEARS OLD IN A GAME..........NUB

VIDEOID:WLPdVehJ_C0

VIDEOID:A67mHGSsAwU

VIDEOID:aurOB4qYuFM
Krzysztof Kozowski:to skip introductions and comments go to 3:10
Mageshwar Medak:
Bay Piggies:

VIDEOID:51PksCJJK8U
Nilton OS:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51PksCJJK8U
Bay Piggies:

VIDEOID:ft1nplN-K5g
Pebble Development:

VIDEOID:D7GDTZ45TRw
Aliaksei Chapyzhenka:
Thomas Klinger:did anyone notice this guy's fabulous hair?
Jesbus:I've been waiting for this, thanks.
shaurz:So Mill is suitable as a general replacement for OoO CPUs and DSPs? Wow.
shaurz:It's kind of like a stack machine, but with relative addressing of the belt 
instead of stack operations (swap, dup, drop, etc). Clever idea. It sounds 
like the nearest thing to a true dynamic dataflow machine.
Mill Computing, Inc.:
vic plichota:Thanks for posting;  glad that you found the time to spare for another Mill 
talk!

VIDEOID:1xCSqMbxd_k
Raynold Cherry:Ok you will not watch this video and be able to ace a Google programming 
interview. What Jeremy does here is a give a VERY high level overview of 
Big-O analysis, if you don't have any previous background in discrete 
mathematics and algo's in general this may fly over your head. MIT has a 
great Algorithms course on OCW and discrete math can be done at most local 
colleges.  I do agree with the speaker that knowing most of this is 
basically just to get you in the door of many programming jobs.
Bay Piggies:

VIDEOID:DmrbBllXh68
logmeinish: .
Al E:               
   .
Mikhael Chernov:    "      "..  , 1. 
     ?        
-? 2.          ,  
 ""  ), ,       ? 
.
 :         .    
.   ,       
   ,       
(   )       .
zorg1us:IT       ,       
  (     ),   
     ,   
  (     ,  
CCDA),  .       .   
  ,    ,      
        .      
 ,    ,    15     
 ,      Active Directory. 
   ,     ,     
  ,   .
 :            
            
.       "" 
   . 
wwarperr:    ?
  : ,   -  ,     
.
Alex Kondakov:...       -    - 
\ .       ,  
       ,    .
  !  
arat Muchamedjanov:   :)-     
)   
Dmytro Mandryka:         ,   
   .     Cisco/Juniper   
  .
 :  !
      .      
.    . 
SiliconValleyVoice:   : 24 ,   ,  linux .
 3     ,     
-. -      
,       .  
  Red Hat Certified Engineer.
 - H1B     .

  ,        :
, ,     MOOC(massive open online course )?
     ,      "Introduction to 
Computer Science and Programming Using Python"  EDx.
  !        
,  ,     .
   ,    .    
   3-4  .
       2-3  ?
          ?
    (edx.org, coursera),    
   ,     id 
verified.

  ,  - .
     ,  Harvard Extension School, 
Stanford Center for Professional Development.
       ,   
 master .
    2000$.
     ?

  -:     h1b  : redhat, 
cisco,  ..

   ,    ,  
    work experience  ,   
     ?

VIDEOID:68rXHoT0LUA
 :    .  ,    
      . 
Bambuzelsky: ,           
 !       -   .
    ,   ,    
  ,  -   .
   -  ,     
.             
          
      .

       .     
  ,  .    -    
70,       ,   
   ,  ,     
     .

 ,   ,       
 ,     ,       
 ,   .

.
Vladislav Karnaukhov:   -,  (!)   ...
 :         ? 
l. s-j:      
Kiev Segodnya:
Ahat Gibatov:,  ...
vrumako: ,      - :    
    ))    ,   ,   
 ,     ...    ?   , 
  ,    ;)
foggy frost:"       ,   
.       ." ,   
    .    ,   
 - ,        ,  
       ,  .
,           ?
IRISHAN 06:    18    ,   ,   
   ,     , 
,    .    ,     
!
Delfinchik:!   ! , !
Margarita Mechta: ,   ,        
,      "".  ,    
,       ,    
   ,   ,   ,   .. 
       -  
- ,   ,    ,   . 
    :  ,    
   -     ,     
   .     ,    
 ,       :))
Ulick Norman Owen:  ..           
 -  ,   (  ) 
   ,     ,   
,     , :  "   ?".   
   - "     ,     
,     -    ".    
..
Ulick Norman Owen:  ,    -   ,  , 
 .        ,  
   ,      . 
         
 ,  , ,     ,  
     ,   ,   
 .
TheNik4152:       ,      
         0,   
  ,      .
mind4ce:
 :,   ... 
kelevra1493:          !
Andrey London:    .   ,    
     .    
, ,       ,    
 .     /      
.     ,       
 .    ( ).   
   .     -  
 .     .   
  ,     .    , 
  5-7 ,    ,    
,       -   .  ,  
- ,       , 
      .  ,    
 .     ,   
  .
   -    .
Dmitry Gorbachev:   ,   ,   :)

VIDEOID:VTn2-VZYpoQ
Ermir Qeli:

VIDEOID:P02XU5Ol1as

VIDEOID:cF4Eq-GaWng
GDG Pittsburgh:Code That Grows With Grace
Zachary Hardy:YouTube live stream for +GDG Silicon Valley and +Google Developer Groups program 
5 year anniversary event starts at 7pm US Pacific time. +Christian Schalk +Kevin 
Nilson +Stephanie Liu and yours truly recall how it all began to kick 
things off. Then Go language talk by +Francesc Campoy Flores. Check it out! 
#GDG #Anniversary
ManSouR Alquhaif:    GDG   5    ..
GDG #GDG2013 #GDGSanaa #Yemen #GSA2012 #MENA#
Marwa Jamal: Congratulations
ManSouR Alquhaif:    ..         ..  
    ...
 :    GDG   5    .
ManSouR Alquhaif:    GDG   5    .
GDG Albuquerque:Last nights 5 year anniversary +GDG Silicon Valley Code That Grows With 
Grace

Great job guys and gals and everyone involved!
Aygul Zagidullina:<b><span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/104693551891691428892" oid="104693551891691428892">Google Developer Groups</a></span></b><b>: 5 years and still going strong!</b><br /><br />Sincere congratulations on the 5 year anniversary of the global <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/104693551891691428892" oid="104693551891691428892">Google Developer Groups</a></span>program! Special thanks to <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/109524702084450613375" oid="109524702084450613375">Van Riper</a></span>,<span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/105716316100591540255" oid="105716316100591540255">Stephanie Liu</a></span>,<span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/104599745903075924418" oid="104599745903075924418">Christian Schalk</a></span>,<span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/105260119238310209075" oid="105260119238310209075">Kevin Nilson</a></span>, and now also <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/111192718276625642303" oid="111192718276625642303">Adriana Cerundolo</a></span>for their huge support. Check out the video to learn how it all began. Truly amazing and almost unbelievable! :)  <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23gdg">#gdg</a>
Christian Schalk:Had a great time at the 5 year anniversary of the GTUG/GDG program. Thanks Van for inviting me to say a few words at the beginning of the event!
Gabriel Pozo:YouTube live stream for +GDG Silicon Valley and +Google Developer Groups program 
5 year anniversary event starts at 7pm US Pacific time. +Christian Schalk +Kevin 
Nilson +Stephanie Liu and yours truly recall how it all began to kick 
things off. Then Go language talk by +Francesc Campoy Flores. Check it out! 
#GDG #Anniversary
Leonardo Barros:
pjjjv:The camera turned very blurry during the Go talk
pjjjv:Interesting. Everything I've always wanted to know about ... GTUGs. pjv 
from BruGTUG.
Vitalik Zasadnyy:*5  GTUG/GDG Programm*    
GDG Kyiv-Center:*5  GTUG/GDG Programm*    
GDG Ostwestfalen Lippe:
Nsubuga Hassan:Thank you +Van Riper and Team for the good job done in the five years. #GDG 
s are changing/inspiring the way people learn, share and innovate on web & 
mobile. +Google Developers, we appreciate!
Arun Shanker Prasad:YouTube live stream for +GDG Silicon Valley and +Google Developer Groups program 
5 year anniversary event starts at 7pm US Pacific time. +Christian Schalk +Kevin 
Nilson +Stephanie Liu and yours truly recall how it all began to kick 
things off. Then Go language talk by +Francesc Campoy Flores. Check it out! 
#GDG #Anniversary
Konstantin Zolotarev:YouTube live stream for +GDG Silicon Valley and +Google Developer Groups program 
5 year anniversary event starts at 7pm US Pacific time. +Christian Schalk +Kevin 
Nilson +Stephanie Liu and yours truly recall how it all began to kick 
things off. Then Go language talk by +Francesc Campoy Flores. Check it out! 
#GDG #Anniversary

VIDEOID:efSuUbCGcOE
Diane Mueller:The OO-Index project needs you! This a sneak preview of a community project 
to build & host a place to find and browse OpenShift Community-sourced 
QuickStarts and Cartridges in GitHub.  This package is a general-purpose 
stand-alone index of quickstarts and cartridges for the OpenShift hosting 
platform and can easily be deployed on an Origin-based Platform as a 
Service. The project is written in Python using Flask and could use some 
more community love so if you have some band-width, take a look at the code 
& make a few commits! CSS/HTML stylists wanted! ping @pythondj aka Diane 
Mueller if you are interested in helping out!
Diane Mueller:Just Uploaded @OpenShift Origin Community Hangout on Sneak Peak:  of 
OO-Index project & a call for participation!

VIDEOID:EkCzBHdsGDU

VIDEOID:_OXQue99jpk
Dmitry Fedosov:,      ?      
,  ?
 -      ,   ,   
-     .
Kadik Kapan:"    "     1991 
)),           .  .  
  ,       ,   
     .
Anatoly Khoroshilov:,      ,     
  .         ,    
    .  ,     () 
  , -  .    12  
,   - .     . 
         .     -  . 
       ,    
     . 

   .      -   
.      .      .  
     ,      
     -  ? 
 :    ,    .
  ,   ,     
  ,  .       
, ..  .   ,  
-,     .   
    ))) 
krutoyinfo:,      .    ?
katerinazhilina:- , ', '!   ! -  . -   
!
-         . 
     . , , , 
.

       ,      
    ))) - , 12 .,
katerinazhilina:      ,    ))) -  
:   -  ,     
, ... - )))) - ,        
     

       -  , ,   
   ,  ,   ...
Ogoref Igor:  ..
Ogoref Igor:   ( 7  3) .  
,        .     
-      ,   -      
    .,   -   
   .   4   
1602 . .    .    
. .       .  -   
         ,  
   . .  .-  
 !!!    -   DVD c  
.. ,!
   ...
Stan Ivasyuk:   ,   ,      -  
 .    -        30 
    ,    ,   .    
      ().  ,   
  ,       ( ""  
   ).    .       . 
 :-) , ,         
 -,      , 
    ...
Igor Bakhmatskyy:    ,   ,      
       
Zhanibek Seitkazinov:       ,     
.   )))
 :       ,   ,   
     .
Mike81Kuzmenko:            
 ,    .        
  .
GarikKIN:    ,        
100%    .      
,,   .
MrVeklich:,   ,    -   
. 
MathematistTerrific:     .    .
ABBY -:   (,   ,  ,    
QA:))         ,  
,     (     
),   ,      .    - 
 ,   .. ,      
   .    - "  ". 
Dave Dtp:    ""...
Daniels Absts: !       ,  
      ,     
  ,      ,       
  . : )      ,    
 ,      .    
      ,  
  ,      ,   
   ,        
( ,   ,    ,    
).

VIDEOID:y_vbXWt4ruA
Robert Haddick:Very Interesting, Thanks for sharing. 

VIDEOID:3YGgwD45fws
Anand Bit:Hai the video is very useful but i have few doubts is it possible for yoi 
guys to share the whole code link ? it will be helpful
Jouko Kaasila:#Appium Tutorial: How to Use Image Recognition for Mobile App and Game 
Testing on #RealDevices http://bit.ly/1Gwrxfb
Testdroid:#Appium Tutorial: How to Use Image Recognition for Mobile App and Game 
Testing on #RealDevices http://bit.ly/1Gwrxfb
Ville-Veikko Helppi:Advanced Android Game Testing with Image Recognition 

VIDEOID:iau1QD9_Q_A
worldmobile988:...
adir mugrabi:try this: 1. go into the play store from the launcher and navigate a little 
2. hit home (don't clear the task list) 3. go to an app that links to the 
play store (like a website or a game) and hit that link 4. try to go back 
to that app. i tried this on many phones. the only way to do this is by 
closing the app, or by hitting a lot of 'back' at the play store
Chester Moy:I just tried: Play Books -> Play Store Google Reader -> Browser News & 
Weather -> Browser They all worked. I made sure the recent apps list was 
cleared before hand.
Louis Gray:<span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/111169963967137030210" oid="111169963967137030210">Reto Meier</a></span>and the <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/108967384991768947849" oid="108967384991768947849">Android Developers</a></span>team are doing incredible work sharing the latest tips, tricks, apps and devices with those of you making apps and learning the platform, from the basics to advanced stages. I am enjoying Reto&#39;s weekly recap and preview. Love Android or just want a quick update from the best looking green robots around? Take 3 minutes to see what&#39;s up.  <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23gdl">#gdl</a>  <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23android">#android</a> 
Reto Meier:*This Week in Android Development*

I'm still taking suggestions for Live Wallpaper of the week, and let me 
know if you've got Android events happening and I'll be sure to give you a 
shout-out.
Web Developers Sandbox:New Nexii, new Android Developers Live shows, Spanish Office Hours, a 
Devfest in Praha, and much more *This Week in Android Development*
adir mugrabi:it doesn't, since android works with stacks. and when you add the Play 
store page to the stack. even when you switch with the multitask window, it 
goes back to the Play store
Chester Moy:Try using the multitasking menu and see if that works.
Spookyy2:Nope, most parts of the world can NOT buy these tablets from google play or 
anything else apart from games and apps.
adir mugrabi:the thing i hate most about apps that are made by Google: no exit button! 
since there are many time that you go into one app via an other one, 
especially the Play store. but if you have already been to the store 
lately, you will not be able to go back to the pervious app, unless you hit 
back a million times!
adir mugrabi:the app type that Google people will never review: 3rd party launchers
Linda Dee:New Nexii, new Android Developers Live shows, Spanish Office Hours, a 
Devfest in Praha, and much more *This Week in Android Development*
Walter Antolini:New Nexii, new Android Developers Live shows, Spanish Office Hours, a 
Devfest in Praha, and much more *This Week in Android Development*
_greyfox():When are we going to download Android 4.2 with Android SDK Manager? It 
still doesn't show up there. Or there is another place to get it?
Marcus Krner:Share &amp; Show the love for the folks doing a great job!
Reto Meier:My parents are Swiss, so I can see "look", but I grew up in Australia and 
moved to the US after 6 years in London so "sound" might be a stretch ;)
Richard Wooding:New Nexii, new Android Developers Live shows, Spanish Office Hours, a 
Devfest in Praha, and much more *This Week in Android Development*
Android Developers:New Nexii, new Android Developers Live shows, Spanish Office Hours, a 
Devfest in Praha, and much more *This Week in Android Development*
Quickpinguin:you look and sound german ;)

VIDEOID:5vAkdXRyKWM

VIDEOID:gtEA6XpQc2U

VIDEOID:OdFJfJYfvW4
Elixir:A nice university like this and they can't even upload a HD video.
crabcakessuzie:The NERD FEST devolved into an Aspergerian fisticuffs. I will attempt 
translation: 0:46:42 Baby rapist and his pervy friend lend doubt about 
algorithmic parallelism. 0:47:55 Judd Hirsch chimes in. 0:50:32 Poindexter 
tells baby rapist to fuck off and die. 0:51:30 Lee thinks, "Oh fuck! 
They're asking me shit again." Lee sweats out his pits. 0:53:04 Jack 
Nicholson does a freaky mindtrip on the unsuspecting audience. 1:06:12 
Santa says he knows if you're naughty or nice. 1:06:42 Gesundheit, you pig!
Alex Woodman:
Michael York:When you are sorting through vast quantities of data, or say rendering 
animation sequences then many cores will speed up the process by allowing 
the computer to divide up the task load, as long as no user input is needed 
the processor speed is the only limitation. As far as data is concerned 
once again the computer is faster than we need it to be, no amount of 
processing power can overcome the limitation of human interaction, computer 
suggestion based on inference is the only possible help. 
Michael York:Meaningful computation is interdependent. Processing cannot continue until 
the dependent variable is resolved. Any time there is user input dependent 
processing ceases. If a many core processor is sitting idle waiting for 
user input, then the architecture is antithetical. The only way to actually 
speed up computational speed is to have a clock for each bit, but parallel 
processing within the scope of "an" application does not really apply 
because the computer is faster than we need it to be.
An artist theory on the physics of 'Time' as a physical process. Quantum Atom Theory:Quantum computers makes logical sense if zero represents zero time or t = 0 
the moment of now in that reference frame formed by light interacting 
with matter. The zero represents an infinite branching point with the 
positive numbers marching off forming a potential future coming into 
existence photon by photon with a square of probability and the negative 
numbers receding towards a limitless past representing the positive and 
negative of EMW. 
AkkarinKnight:Omg you put so many interesting videos, just don't know, when I can watch 
all of them.

VIDEOID:i1bAZEvoYCg
Jungil Kim:Great!!

VIDEOID:5wipWZKvNSo
Jacek Wysocki: #emacs   #golang
Gabriel Pozo: #emacs #golang  
Dmitri Shuralyov:Very nice demo, thanks for showing your setup!
Manuel Trujillo:
Martin Watson:video by <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/105229686595945792364" oid="105229686595945792364">Dustin Sallings</a></span>
Russell James:Great overview of what's possible in emacs with +The Go Programming Language, 
and some awesome plug-ins (be sure to check out the links in the video 
description). I love emacs more and more every day. I've never used a tool 
that has grown with me.
Pashh PGH:Great overview of what's possible in emacs with +The Go Programming Language, 
and some awesome plug-ins (be sure to check out the links in the video 
description). I love emacs more and more every day. I've never used a tool 
that has grown with me.
Lee Packham:I&#39;m not an Emacs user. But this is cool. 
Cdric Pinson:Great overview of what's possible in emacs with +The Go Programming Language, 
and some awesome plug-ins (be sure to check out the links in the video 
description). I love emacs more and more every day. I've never used a tool 
that has grown with me.
Praveen Kallakuri:Go emacs
Katherine Cox-Buday:Great overview of what's possible in emacs with +The Go Programming Language, 
and some awesome plug-ins (be sure to check out the links in the video 
description). I love emacs more and more every day. I've never used a tool 
that has grown with me.
Dustin Sallings:I had a few more questions come up about #golang  tools, so I did a really 
stupid fast five minute video of tools I have for navigating and managing 
code in emacs.

In this case, oracle and godef were answering most of the questions, but 
the magic of go-eldoc, gocode, goimports and the new coverage tools also 
pop-in when I need them.

The purpose of this video isn't to show you how to use things, but more to 
just show you that they exist (a couple of the people asking questions seem 
to be trapped in vim, so I can't directly help them other than to let them 
know that things exist).

VIDEOID:OQzq0ESfucA
DrsGrinch:So what was the big announcement? I watched the Google IO videos that 
pertained to Google TV and nothing really seemed to be a game changer? Was 
I expecting too much?
GDG Paris Android User Group:Google TV Developers office hours Nov.28.2012 Google TV Developers office 
hours Nov.28.2012

VIDEOID:XxhBE7ghcxk
augstaboy:thats so cool can i get on lol.
Anbis2309:See our attempt -> "Controlling a vehicle remotely with an Android phone"
Chrisjr2007:Nice!:)
mdNomad:Sweet... one step closer to James Bond's touchscreen cellphone controlling 
his BMW 740il... Tomorrow Never Dies.

VIDEOID:danzJb_Bt7o
Randy:

VIDEOID:hIln2UgaGIM
rolo06s:Keith is a god!

VIDEOID:NK1zlz67MjU
bootiack:so when do we get a forth version of baldurs gate with expandable cahracter 
clasees and monster n wepaons adders?

VIDEOID:s31awjFJhPg

VIDEOID:lvs5ma8O4mI

VIDEOID:poO4_6qIChA

VIDEOID:trE8mWdqqH8
Carmel Schvartzman:Is there another way to get dependency injection into a controller at 
runtime besides creating a factory?
Gaute Lken:Agreed. If the size is the problem, then lower the framerate, but please 
give us clear frames! :)
Steve Da Internet:Dependency Injection and App Demos (AngularJS MTV Meetup 2012-07-10)
Wil Moore:It's cool if you are still learning these concepts so I can understand your 
thinking here. That being said, Dependency Injection is not something these 
guys just made up. It is a fairly old development technique that is 
applicable in multiple languages. It isn't completely obviously at first 
why it is a good idea but it is good to see these guys talking about it in 
terms of JS. BTW, injection isn't only for constructors. You can pass 
dependencies via non-constructor functions as well.
Frdric Sicre:
Marc Cawood:Others have said it before but I'll say it again: Dependency Injection 
seems to be nothing but a pretentious way of saying "Passing an object to a 
constructor".
Seth Messer:yes, i agree with martin; 720p please! :D
Martin H. Andersen:I enjoy the Angular videos, but please start to record in a higher 
resolution.

VIDEOID:WM3-CgJnNNs
Blake Yolo:U SHOULD PUT A NORMAL EEL OR CATFISH IN THER OMG
CrocyPvp:When they laugh at the eel heres what the eel thinks :P
Person: *LAUGHING*
Eel: You fags think its funny put yo hand in here I DARE U
Person:* LAUGHING*
HmmGamer OrWhat:come on people
Ian Greene:+porterchristenson it's not illegal. You r stupid. Those are comet goldfish 
and are meant to be fed to other fish
kalihi tama:Why would call an Electric Eel Mr. Unagi?
Fish boy:You guys are cruel
The gaming guru:this is mean
True Warrior:"I am lighting, the eel transformed"
joseph berry:Mean
Nate the crusher x:HOW CRUEL ARE U WE USED TO HAVE A GOLDFISH
Albert Diaz:I fucking love that they let the last fish live to tell the story lol
David Tang:this is a decent (albeit small) set up ... but boy, that voice, very very 
annoying!
J. Redila:i think the Title of this video is misleading.
Mass Kent:Seriously dude, Can't you think of a better substitute food than live fish?
Kazoo Ken:we cant hear the speakers when you go "BOOM!" every time haha
Bacardy Buster:cool
Touch The Nugget:Atleast one lil nigga lived
ObeyDaSavior -_-:The fucking people clicked on this video to tell us how STUPID this shit 
is, when they FUCKING CLICKED ON TH GODDAMN VIDEO, FUCKING IDIOTS a
420 The Wizard Of WA 420:lol, it sounds like foghorn; this eel is hitting mad trickshots

VIDEOID:XCCDTaK7rY0
StackStorm:

VIDEOID:nDKJ43UQ6QY

VIDEOID:Rfgv30eyN4g
Spencer Wimberly:

VIDEOID:obinuF9d_u8

VIDEOID:h4JvXdqLKfU
 :    ?
Elena Sh:    ,   H1B))      , 
    ?       
.... )
Erlan Alma-Ata:,       2,        
     ?
SiliconValleyVoice: ,    . ,    
  . 28 , ,  . 
     H2B(    ) 
,      , 
  ? )

VIDEOID:czLI3oLDe8M
Cesare Borgias:This is by far one of the most insightful discussions regarding deep 
learning and machine learning and its impact going forward. Thank you Steve 
for doing this.
Joel Castellon:Just ask Andrew Ng he can give you clear answers in 5 min instead of all 
this chitty-chat
modelmark:I think the technology is very interesting, but also very dangerous. 
Totalitarianism, police abuse, torture, secret police, massive jails are 
growing in the USA. I can't imagine the kind of murderous power big data 
analysis will give the psychopath in power over the people.
Tay Choo Chuan:can anyone provide English Caption Subtitle for this video?
Thanks in advanced!
Wade Cooper:where can i get one of those circuit brain t shirts, the grey one?
Shimon Doodkin:just skip to 22 minute
Kenan's Iconic Tonic:Excellent lectures.
Andrew Palfreyman:If the Google guy is right about breakthroughs in learning algorithms, then 
why not set Deep Learning on the problem? :)
A. M. Goudarzi:Stephen Jurvetson .. what a eloquent speaker with such agile mind. Great 
panel! thanks for sharing.
Noah Cohen:This is awesome!
Hu Ming Sebastian:Deep leaning + omics technologies = the future of biomedical research
Pimporn Moeynoi:
kogarcia23:
Neo Mike:Problems that exceed human understanding? all humans? ever?
Wesam Adel:I'm at 27:16 and I'm frustrated cause i can't see the clips that the 
audience see
really bad director
peter uren:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czLI3oLDe8M
David Leitman:data agriculture: the new hunters and gatherers, new anthropological 
history, but no redemption in sight. We need Jesus if we would have eternal 
life with G-d.
Andrey317:
Jean Michel Sellier:
Saurav Sagar:

VIDEOID:D1RzvXDXyqA
souvik bose:lovely lecture. very informative..
Jon 93:Do any of these courses cover Maxwell's relations, Clapeyrons equation, 
etc. ?
David Zare:dont understand why we need time for 1st law? 
https://youtu.be/D1RzvXDXyqA?t=1h12m11s
Harsh Arora:How do we make sure that the experimental procedure itself does not 
introduce a bias in the result?
haruna alhassan:Very helpful
silversnow2008: Is this another of the continuing education courses or it is intended for 
undergraduate physic students?
Chandan Maji:Sir i cant understand total lecture of u .pls discuss elaborately...
Walwalkn Wewnrkl:Susskind!!!! Sorry, I'm a fan. This guy sparked by interest for physics 
again, which I had as a kid but lost in high school. He has motivated me to 
study math and statistics and physics by myself. And now I get to see an 
entire course by him? Yes please!
taushif khan:
Marcus Campbell:A new/old definition of the theoretical minimum as follows.
The difference between theory and practice is smaller in theory than it is 
in practice.
Nikifuj908:Why is Mike Ehrmantraut teaching statistical mechanics?
tobankhan:Can anyone tell me why it is stated in the lecture that entropy is 
conserved? I've always thought that the entropy of the universe increased. 
It thought that was pretty much what 2nd law of thermodynamics stated. 
Anyway, please help me out here!!!
Ravji Pindoria:Very nice presentation with good examples. Thank you for sharing.
Gary Angles:his lectures adrift too much and he cuts a lot when he is about to make a 
significant definition (thumbs down). But i learned something important 
(thumbs up).
OrphanPaper:equilibrium is relativity
GordanCable:For those of you who are confused by the N(i)/N thing, and whether or not 
it goes to zero in the limit as n->infinity. Just keep in mind that N(i) is 
a function of N, and when N approaches infinity, infinity becomes a common 
factor and can be removed. You are left with a simple ratio. Consider a 
coin flip. N(i) will be 1/2*N. As N goes to infinity N(i)/N becomes 1/2N/N 
which reduces to 1/2 which is the probability of flipping heads or tails.
eyal bahar:is this the course for physics students or just a evening course for 
non-phyiscs people?
Miguel Gmez Donoso:+Leif Masrud 

*Isn't physics full of "bad laws" of the type described here (always goes 
to red)? A ball dropped on the ground is exactly this scenario. Once it 
reaches a steady state (stops moving) there's no way to tell how it got 
there. It could have fallen, rolled, materialized, or always been there. 
This would similarly apply to any system with increasing entropy.*

Nope. You are not taking into account that when the ball hitted the ground, 
energy was lost to the ground and the air.

This affected how the atoms vibrated, and in those vibrations, all the 
information about the collision is codified, and we can, inprinciple, know 
how it got there.
 :Hey guys! Looks like there is a lot of courses on this channel, but it's 
complicated to navigate through them. Page with playlists of this channel - 
is it the only one navigation?
shomolya:Brilliant! Unlike the rest of us, Lenny just gets sharper with age. I'm 
going on a choc chip cookie diet.

VIDEOID:ws2X48zX3Dg
Viktor Hristov:amazing, thank you Brent
Brent Aureli:

VIDEOID:qfQzkVYwqpk
Renderiza:Thank you very much for the video!

VIDEOID:KPuUlwZKaLY

VIDEOID:Lr6IxuMC9B0
Julie Nguyen:(y)

VIDEOID:5jX7llLI_gE
Testdroid:Check out this video of using Appium to develop and test on Android 
Wearables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jX7llLI_gE

VIDEOID:S4CnXtCNJ-U
  :  , ...   ,    
  ,    ,    
 !!!!  ,    ,,    
   ....???     
???(  )
 :  
Alex W.Lychack:,     .  ,    
    .  ,    , 
   .    ,  .
 :. - . . !!!
y. mazur:    ...)))
Tami1 Al:mne kajetsya chto y molodyx bol'she  chyvstv , a y vzroslyx posle 30-ti yje 
vse stroitsya na vzaimovygode i raschete, i nezavisimo jivesh' ty v amerike 
ili v drygoi strane , vse my lyudi
Andrey8587: ,    .     
,      ,     
    ,,,    
  ,   ,     ,  
   .
Tory Bonnar:   ,    ))))   
))
lev igoudin: -   -    
 


Darya Shestakova:     ,      
.       ,    
,      5  (  
)   24 .       ,  
     (  ,     
).  ,   ,       
  ,      .    ,  
        ,    (    
     24 ).    ,     -  
  . 
  ,     -     . 
 , ,    .
 YANKA AMERICANKA: !      ,   
   .
 YANKA AMERICANKA:       ,    
 ,  --   ,   --.  
 -- ,  ,  .
 :   !      ))
 :  ()
 : )))
blacksmoker90:             
     ?       
  ?
 :    -   
Anatolii P: ? !)
Anastasia from Georgia:           
 !
MathematistTerrific:    .

VIDEOID:2Mk1uLt3LwE
Alexandr Sh:,      ,     ,  
,     ,     ?
Daniel Teplaykov:  !        12  
           - 
              
 .   . 
 :         
 :    -         -  
     ,     ,    
  -   ))))
Roman Diachenko:      . .
SiliconValleyVoice: .    ,       
     .
smirnovartem46:   -  .   .
s4rSenna:-,- , !!!     
  -    
ariadna40: . !
SiliconValleyVoice:3    , 
 :-,  1,   12   !
 :12     -   2  .  ,   2 
 , -      -,    
 100%   .     12 -   
        ,   
,    400        
 "100%"    -.    ( 
 ),  .
tamadakiev:  12 .   12 .   .
SiliconValleyVoice:  .  -      -   
1200      -    , 
  , , ,   .  
  .
SiliconValleyVoice:  -  ,  
Valerij Pasko:,     ,   ,     . 
,       ?
Naul Channel: -  .     12      ... 
    
 : 
alergeo1:12  ,             .
SiliconValleyVoice:   

VIDEOID:mMuMAjgXWIc
agon bina:I've been using Viber  for a long time, I remember when they redesigned 
their android app(about a year ago), the service became much much more 
reliable. I'm wondering if that's the time when they switched to Couchbase?

VIDEOID:ORu3R7LEQ5g
FDog16:   ( )   .
Elena Fursova:,      ,    . 10 
   .   -  ? 
Julia Loboda:    ?
SiliconValleyVoice:   ,      
     -   
Ivan Pisarev:,  ,    uTest   H1B? 
  ,      ? 
 :.         
Man Inblack:     .
VideoWRD:     ,   , .
illiala::) youtube.com/watch?v=zQD2HbCeYog
Aleksander Ivanov:  ,     . -      
 (       )    
    ?
Arthur Vin: ,          LinkedIn  
   .
Z0OO0M:,         :     
    ?       myvisajobs com 
: "if the President could sign the bill into law by the end of the 
summer, we might have 50,000-75,000 extra H-1B visas available starting 
from October 1, 2013."
Sergey Korolev:career-advice.monster.com/resumes-cover-letters/resume-writing-tips/10-words-ruin-resume/article.aspx?WT.mc_n=CRMUS001853 
   ,     2
Man Inblack:              
   .   ,   
     .     . 
Arthur Vin:,  .       
LinkedIn ?   ,     
       LinkedIn     
   .   ,    ,     
 LIn ?     LinkedIn    
  :/
molduser:,     ?
Nadia P.:,  :      (    
email, cell, linkedin...)  ,   "networking 
"      ,  - Network 
Engineer, ..   ! !
Nadia P.: ! 
Artyom Tsetkhalin:      .  
,     ,  ,     
 ,     . ,  .  
, .    
FireGlad:   -  ))

VIDEOID:4hZvb8sr1cE
Mark Askfjh:thanks

VIDEOID:THBP-YUnxpY
mark eads:Superb Wisdom
mohd nadzri:Good syst, need team to dev or custom for other country. Nice design
Alexander Perez:The world's first smart payment terminal!
Webking:The world's first smart payment terminal!
Petr Mik:Moc pkn u snad jen kvli toho bych si otevel kamennou prodejnu. Zbouji takovto vychytvky
Je-Andy Angrand:*Former Google Wallet Head Launches Poynt, A Future-Proofed Payment 
Terminal*

I'm a little surprised Google hasn't ventured down this path.

http://techcrunch.com/2014/10/29/former-google-wallet-head-launches-poynt-a-future-proofed-payment-terminal/

Karel Javrek:*Poynt* - Modern, pkn a hlavn univerzln platebn terminl
To by mohlo mt u obchodnk spch, cena jen 300 dolar.
https://getpoynt.com/
Puleen Patel:*Former Google Wallet Head Launches Poynt, A Future-Proofed Payment 
Terminal*

I'm a little surprised Google hasn't ventured down this path.

http://techcrunch.com/2014/10/29/former-google-wallet-head-launches-poynt-a-future-proofed-payment-terminal/

Garner Marshall:Excellent product
Rohan Blake:*Former Google Wallet Head Launches Poynt, A Future-Proofed Payment 
Terminal*

I'm a little surprised Google hasn't ventured down this path.

http://techcrunch.com/2014/10/29/former-google-wallet-head-launches-poynt-a-future-proofed-payment-terminal/

Walter Sterling:*Former Google Wallet Head Launches Poynt, A Future-Proofed Payment 
Terminal*

I'm a little surprised Google hasn't ventured down this path.

http://techcrunch.com/2014/10/29/former-google-wallet-head-launches-poynt-a-future-proofed-payment-terminal/


VIDEOID:gSUh_qmkd-g
TheOldmankk:Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays Pal.
R Brown (4Crawler):This is the third of three videos were we'll look at the details of the C3 
battery pack internals, this time focusing on the built-in battery "fuel 
gauge" and the side post terminals.

VIDEOID:Elx4F-RepoE
Battery Geek:A lot easier than rebuilding 15 cell nicad packs. When ever my C3 slim pack 
dies, I'll do the same thing.
TheOldmankk:Samsung and LG, two big Korean chaebol basically and politically hijacked 
their National Banks to ditch out more cash to do whatever they want. A 
typical case, they have indirectly subsidized the Xiaomi cellphone and 
powerbank huge usage of 18650 batteries expansion programs. hahaha..... But 
how long can that last ? they simply follow Japanese path. Now what ? Jap 
started their QE, and US have their new massive energy source, Fracking ! 
next two years, Samsung quarters over quarters performance very likely sink 
into pit.
R Brown (4Crawler):Once the defective cells have been identified and removed in the Craftsman 
C3 battery pack, it's time to solder in some new cells to replace the bad 
ones.

VIDEOID:FcVeWudktgQ
R Brown (4Crawler):Time to hook up some wires between the side terminals on the charger and 
the battery and see how that all works.

VIDEOID:2bEjwAaIpwU
R Brown (4Crawler):An experiment in charging a modified C3 LiPo pack in a Craftsman C3 
charger.

VIDEOID:HwYOyhzw0ag
R Brown (4Crawler):Another charging test with a 19.2v NiCd battery, but this time with only 
one side terminal connected.

VIDEOID:MFuKHjM08k4
mikep95133:Hi Mr Brown. I've done some work on these vary packs. If I cycled them with 
the factory charger, over a few cycles, the pack would in fact become 
equalized. I didn't charge through the top pack terminals because so many 
of the lithium packs that I picked up had either a bad board, or some 
combination of cells that had gone to a high impedance state, or were 
shorted. I tested a board by making sure the cells were in decent shape 
first by cycle testing them a pair at a time, with a cycler. I happen to 
use the Icharger 1010B+. Then I labeled each pair of cells with their 
capacity. The cells new were generally Samsung 1300mah, 2000mah power tool 
cells. Same ones used in Ryobi packs. The C3 packs come in 1.3ah, 3ah, and 
4ah. The upper and lower limits of the cycler would determine the indicated 
capacity. This almost never matched factory specs. But is a good relative 
indicator for our testing. My charger is put away, but I think it was set 
to 2.8 or 2.9v on the low end and 4.0 on the high end. Don't assume you 
have a good board. Make sure the cells are manually balanced first before 
testing. The boards are finicky. As they should be. Take a look at my 
videos. Maybe there is something in there that might help. I'm sure glad to 
see some one taking the time to test these cells. I also have lots of bad 
chargers. They have 3 iterations of chargers too.
R Brown (4Crawler):Another stab at trying to charge this battery pack, this time with a 
different result.

VIDEOID:PGujDlXAXtw
R Brown (4Crawler):In the last video, a bench supply was used to charge one battery, will it 
work again?

VIDEOID:15uMmu_BqAo

VIDEOID:8-3csOLwMLQ
R Brown (4Crawler):Time to try and charge the re-built C3 Lithium-Ion battery pack.

VIDEOID:NAw7RP5Z6Wk
R Brown (4Crawler):In part 2 of this video series, we'll take a look at what was needed to 
repair this power inverter.

VIDEOID:fAFadhVX_F4

VIDEOID:Nxby_EQqsRE
N2CUA:Hows your Tripp Lite inverter in regards to EMI / RFI ?
Need a "quiet" one for Ham Radio usage...
TheOldmankk:Thanks Pal. Just got hold two small dual display Digital Volt/Ammeter i.e. 
0 - 33vdc 3A build-in shunt. Noticed that the voltage accuracy is spot on. 
However, current measurement really fall short, compared with my Fluke 
Meter, differences of 50mA - 100mA. May due to the quality of the shunt ? 
R Brown (4Crawler):This is how I added a digital volt and current meter to my 1000w Tripp-Lite 
sine wave power inverter.

VIDEOID:T0mEpmOA6Fk
R Brown (4Crawler):I finally found one Craftsman C3 Lithium-Ion pack with some live cells.

VIDEOID:j9nhw7uXj5I
SkylineToTheSeaAndMe:Nice shots/video. Where did you move to?

VIDEOID:NIYvaqR4OM4
R Brown (4Crawler):We'll continue our look at the cell protection IC, the power MOSFETs and 
the over temperature device on the C3 lithium ion battery pack PCB.

VIDEOID:rlsd0GAozQI

VIDEOID:fUKtoNidIhA
R Brown (4Crawler):I was finally successful at trying to get serial data out of this air flow 
meter.

VIDEOID:fojJ2bc-rkY
jeff coldwell:+Brent Aureli Dude! Help! for some reason, when i test the server and type 
something in the text box, nothing shows up below it, I have gone through 
all the files on github to see whats different, but i'll be dipped in hog 
crap if i can find the error. No errors in the node console log or in 
browser console, nothing moving in the network tab either. any ideas on 
where to even begin?
Maxence Douet:Yooo whats going on guy. Just a line to thank you from France for your 
videos (Node+Ang).

VIDEOID:dSqXLJnYs_c

VIDEOID:0BOFzliwPlY
Moreno Five HD:

VIDEOID:nxAb2KwA2sk
LongviewGarage:Y'all have the coolest machines, wish I could afford one of your bottle and 
pint glass printers.
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Screen printing machine on plastic box lid

VIDEOID:XJ_9Dhe7-OE
Obat Jantung:saya memiliki kebun manggis tapi belum se modern kebun manggis ini, doanya 
muda2an kebun manggis saya bisa seperti ini
4urHealth:I've seen some at Asian stores like Lions but they are imported ftlrom 
Thailand. They're smaller than the ones from the Philippines. 
Unfortunately, they are not shipped to the U.S.
elena gpnzalez:where can u get this fruit? 
sharonscw:the music is annoying
angus husky:i <3 razzberries
Woofspl:iHerb discount code SEP790
Roland Tuason:Im from the Philippines and I love this fruit. I think my mom craved this 
fruit when I was conceived that is why I have a strong yearning for this 
fruit.
uching:@methodistgirl indonesia. i was there for 3 months, you could buy a whole 
shopping bag full for $3.50 U.S. this fruit really is the best thing i have 
ever tasted. 
Algieros Arante:mangosteencapsules(dot)org(dot)uk sells Dr. Alfred's products. We're based 
in the United Kingdom. 
uching:it's massively expensive to buy even one mangosteen in Australia. but when 
i went to indonesia i could buy bags of them for $1.50.
itzmebruh13:If I had to choose between mangosteen and lanzones? Hands down mangosteen!! 
You ain't gotta worry bout bitter seed!
Lost & Found Travel:Best fruit in the world. Like all fruits at once. Really. Hard to find 
outside Asia - but worth the money.
tyalortr:i love this fruit , first time i try is was in vancouver . wish it could 
grow in us
DYNODRUM:Funkasteen.
swat3067769:dude thats an all u can eat mangoostenn buffet!!!! i wonder how much it 
cost for a table!!! xp.....
H Jones:By far, mangosteen has got to be the BEST fruit in the world. Too bad it 
doesn't grow in America or France. I'd have a field day.
Maaackan:Thailand,India,Cambodia,Some parts of Africa and central america they have 
it
Ali:Super! I just had one :)
BestFruitNow:delicious, let's go!
4urHealth:The mangosteen is difficult to grow if the environment is not humid and 
tropical. That's why it does well in Southeast Asia. Thailand and Vietnam 
grow these as well. It's been tried in the US but not successful.

VIDEOID:zcJF7u49lnw

VIDEOID:pOQfiSgLeEU
Jeremy Nolan:Where were you coming from?
JettSetJeff:Great video & excellent landing!
flamingxombie:Great video!

VIDEOID:ZY6fRPR6aEI

VIDEOID:82aboP1f5PM

VIDEOID:dFzz5Z3po2k
Sasha Kondratova:!    ?          
?   ?       !
Elena Fursova:      :)
Kavin sk:6:10    : "!    ?      
?    ?" :D
Vladimir Prishhepa: !!!!!
 :    !))
 : !    ,   !  
   !   !
Dmitrii Korolev:,    !-))
Alexp Pol:Hi
Yes

   ...,       ,  
   .
Olga Pavlova: . -    
SiliconValleyVoice:We love Mexico - 2. Rodeo.

VIDEOID:9sfbBJVvj9o

VIDEOID:0wFiYFHY0hw
Jay King:ok u got me beat with how close u was 
David O'Toole:Yeah, I was pretty close; about 8 rows up. I took my 12 year old daughter 
with me. It was her very first concert. Yep, I know it's really in 
Clarkston. lol I don't know why I always say Auburn Hills. Usually when I 
say Clarkston: people say "where the hell is Clarkston" lol Everyone seems 
to know were Auburn Hills is though. 
David O'Toole:This was my 2nd time seeing them as well. I saw them at the Family Values 
tour with Korn a few years back. I've always been a huge fan of Evanescence 
and of course Amy Lee who is really talented.. 
DAVIDK1973:Great shots though. You must have been pretty close. DTE is actually in 
Clarkston, MI. 
DAVIDK1973:I was at that concert to. It was awesome. Saw them at Royal Oak Music 
Theatre in 2011 and they were just as good if not better than this concert. 
They put on a great show and you get your money's worth. I became a bigger 
fan of Evanescence after seeing them live twice and I didn't know that was 
possible, lol. 
Mohamed Maslouh:Love It <3 yayayayayayayayyyayayayayaya

VIDEOID:wizIEHAi7kQ
wcolby:

VIDEOID:061FgNM7Ct0
cegmusic8:Awesome Matt!

VIDEOID:maZnb1g1Exs
MrCyrus350:i dont like
cebu pacific
Studiosixty:There was inconvenience brought about by the delays of the flight that is 
why the stewardess say so. 
Angel M.:Hi Gary, did I hear the flight stewardess on PA right? Time now for your 
inconvenience? @ 8:25
Gary Ballard:

VIDEOID:zihTWh5i2C4
Fynder Enlil:I'd love to see a conversation between Ray and Nicholas Negroponte
ankhaton:I like to give mathematical proof  of a fake universe which any actuarien 
will confirm.
I want also tell the WHY of existence of this and innumerable universes

1)
While the chance of winning the lottery generally is a one on 50 billion
the chance that you exist in your present form and situation is
9999 to the power of a figure representing all electrons in the universe.

So small is the figure that it is zero , so you don't really exist.

What phenomenon does this trick ?

Imaging for a few minutes that you are an all powerful, all knowing Eternal 
 Being.
What would be your desire - What would you want for your birthday. ?

The answer must be Love - that is ever increasing stream of Love
I don't expect here any alternative.


Solipsism or better SOLOPISM  :

To acquire , generate as much Love as possible
this entity creates a simulated entity which is still Him/Herself
witholding information applying amnesia.
The material for this creation comes from Him/Herself
because nothing else exists. It cannot be found "elsewhere"
 
My axioma here is  that when successful , when this plot indeed will 
increase the quantity of Love
S/He will immediately duplicate this without ever stopping.
Why should She/He
Ever increasing Love

So each stone, each bird, each galaxy, each planet, each sun, animal or 
human is this Doer
temporary handicapped by lack of information

Quintessence  ( not religious; juste common sense :

What is Love ?

Anybody who has felt it will agree that it is the most desirable stuff ever 
experienced

It is also the ONLY stuff that duplicates itself in a person when giving it 
away.
Specially ( speaking for humans only this time ) its compassion without 
agenda.

When it duplicates itself in the giver exponentially
some very poor  empathy-wise poor guy with a half nanogram of such 
compassion
and giving it away and repeating that act several times
will very soon be richer than Warren Buffet , compassion-wise
So, . . it is also the item that makes us all equal
The reader understands that free vaccins for later profit DO NOT count and 
work in the other direction.

Next, even in the beginning a special environment around and IN that guy 
will 
increase
1)
Everybody one or several times in his life has a serendipity in his life
special occurrences, we think random but how come, . .
like an answer you see on TV , the exact moment you had the question

Those will also multiply enormously - giving a safe feel, you are aware 
that a force is with you
2)
Those who are compassionate (vg) with Love for all creation around 
will start hearing above their eyes a thrilling sweet tiny super sweet 
vibration like sound
One hears it all the time to the extend that you feel attracted and  do 
more associate
and even place yourself mentally in that beautiful sound
and discover really that you ARE that sound

Heaven is not a time or place but a state of consciousness

What we have here in this tiny big bang spot is a zillionth of a universal 
processus
a universal law which makes sure that each particle
each meson or quark , each entity, each human will come
back as Love energy

There is some differentiation in time .

Some take a nanosecond to return, others take a trillion big bangs

There is a collateral advantage :
Yet you identify yourself as being this unbelievable music inside of your 
body above your eyes 
you know that you will never die
The sweet vibration will increase forever

Another advantage is our children
Meat eating being CO2 producing twice as all other sources
each steak is a dagger in our children via the climate

NOW
The Quest for Heaven is identical as saving the human species.
Grandfather_Din_Racket:My criticisms below should be seen as 10% difference from Kurzweil's view. 
He's right about *almost* everything. However, @1:11:38 "The SOPA 
legislation was headed for certain passage, but within hours it was dead." 
...AND NOW, THE ORGANIZER OF THE RESISTANCE WHO KILLED IT (Aaron Swartz) IS 
ALSO DEAD. HE WAS THREATENED WITH YEARS IN PRISON AND COMMITTED SUICIDE, 
DUE TO PROPRIETARY CONTROL OF RIGHTFULLY PUBLIC TRIAL/PRECEDENT 
INFORMATION. IT DOESN'T MATTER WHETHER LEXIS NEXIS WAS "AHEAD OF THE CURVE" 
THE COURTS HAVE NO RIGHT TO KEEP THE INFORMATION SECRET! 

Technology systems are cybernetic systems. Systems that fight for justice 
are in continuous conflict with those that fight to maintain and expand 
parasitism and tyranny. Both cybernetic systems have access to technology, 
the government with unlimited funds, the people with unlimited innovation 
that (sometimes) cannot be bought. Without recognizing government coercion 
as evil, Google unwittingly becomes a force for evil.

Philosophical decisions must be made, there's no way around this.
k98killer:Brilliant guy, but he got a few things wrong. First, neural networks have 
come a long way since he gave this talk. Now, LSTM networks/neural Turing 
machines are the major brains behind NLP. Google Translate, for example, is 
a series of networks that can each translate a human language into a series 
of vectors representing meaning, share them across a neural interface, and 
then translate back into a human language. Second, dinosaurs didn't go 
extinct: tens of thousands of them fly around to this day. Birds and 
mammals survived the K-T event because they were adaptable. If you look at 
corvids, they have language skills that far exceed that of all non-human 
apes; they have more advanced skills in making and using tools than most 
apes; and they are able to teach others in their flocks about things, 
perpetuating knowledge through multiple generations. Corvids have a very 
different brain structure without a neocortex, but their evolutionary 
history converged upon the same abilities. It is unfortunate that he 
dismissed both neural networks and non-neocortical brain structures, but he 
will probably change his opinions.
Nugg Nugg:evil bastards are gonna fuck the human race over. A.I gonna wipe our asses 
out. go fuck urself google.
Tyler Dennis:Am I the only bothered by his crooked glasses?
sharpshooter740:29:11

Someone reiterate this for me in a way that makes more sense.
sophareth camsonne:How create mind
jayaybe1:I wonder if college bookies have an over / under line for how many times 
Ray says his favourite word ; )  Hint: it begins with E  : )
Ellery le pain:
Ellery le pain:
Max Payne (MaxxxMad):
some like the son:Intelligence is growing exponentially?  Not on this planet. The trick was 
to make you believe in their lies. There is and will never be anything new 
under the sun and if you disagree, then you are unable to work out why I'm 
saying this and it's your false ego that's been convinced and not the real 
you.  These men and women of renown are truly lost.. and they will always 
take us with them.
nvy ns:Its amazing , I had learned a lot 
Greg Wilde:Talk about exponentials!
Bob Boyle:How can you create something that's formless with form?
SeanMauer:What concerns me is the idea of authorized knowledge.
Tomasz Skaba:Awesome talk.
superjaykramer:Keep on taking your pills Ray! (If you know ray you'll know what I'm 
talking about) and start innovating not just regurgitating same old shit
superjaykramer:Ray always talks about the same shit, repeat, repeat, repeat.. btw. He is 
copying everything from jeff hawkins.. HTM's anyone??

VIDEOID:ynJp5geZUZA
Daniel Marquis:Amazing Band!!! Looking forward to seeing them live since I didn't get to 
go to this show. 
Daniel Marquis:Amazing Band!!! Looking forward to seeing them live since I didn't get to 
go to this show. 

VIDEOID:Be6ckqXJFOE

VIDEOID:L7ojK4U67Ik
paudelkeshab:Very informative ! Thank you.
bill stassen:Very good and understandable explanation. TSV for Dummies like myself. 
Thanks for  putting it on the i'net.
sankar siva:Excellent Video 

VIDEOID:_vADW3cPz5o
James Morawski:Man... HowToBasic has gotten really bad at this. Oh, wait...
Zombie Solviot123:Worst thing I've ever seen
Giygas Giygas343 X:It worked, thanks! :D
KingKaos: #howtobasic  
x-Chris Norge-z:Ty it worked :)
Duke Nukem:Thus a cereal killer was born.

@_@
Decimate Shots:You're stealing how to basic's strategies

ghazi k:Not work for ios 7.12 we need update video
Eric Wilson:How to basic wannabe
MRJackster723:Still waiting for that comeback
Zach Grant:I shall try this!
TacoSalad954:It worked, but does it work with iOS6 and below?
Brent50k:Nova come back 
Patriott:It amazes me how a content creator this successful doesn't even have the 
decency to let his 45k subs know that he is basically leaving Youtube
Brandon lewis (F3AR Da Fox):and thats how to copy HowToBasic
Wynne Wang:WTF
TheFRarZe L:Copying HowToBasic
Jamie Finn (SLYFOX):Loooooool
Jack Mccausland:Thanks

Kyle Fugere:Wtf

VIDEOID:CjXvDbcAbV8
dietermoreno:This 1964 modem just made a continuous tone in this video: Computer History 
Museum - ADC 300 Modem Handshake, 1968

And the modem still works today!  Its like a black and white all tube TV 
still working today, but able to connect to the internet!
dietermoreno:This is 56k modem handsake.  Part of what your hearing in the 56k modem 
handshake is itself data close to around 1200 baud.
Joseph Lahmann:This is not a 300 baud connection that you are hearing, it is in fact a 56k 
connection. 300 BPS connections sounded much less showy.. 
thecooldude9999:a 300 baud modem hand shake is just beep/beep done. 
Jrme Marchand:Handshake sound is from a 56k modem. This is not the sound an ADC300 made.

VIDEOID:p61Oq4mFlZc
wcolby:

VIDEOID:YEQwPrVIO_0
pcuimac:28:00 What a moronic description of a president and his self conciousnes. A 
president is not a singular person doing desicions. He is the emmissary of 
a special club of people who made him president and whose orders he has to 
fullfill. A president or prime minister always acts in the interest of his 
class and the rich and powerful in his club of mates.

VIDEOID:GF1vgEQyQRA

VIDEOID:4eZlupJ1Qnw
Pieter P:@timons106 ja , Eindelijk is in SF geweest en Amerikaanse trein heb kunnen 
filmen xD 
timons106:Mooie Caltrain :). Leuk dat je die in SF hebt kunnen filmen :D.
Pieter P:@noggin48 Haha , Thanks =P
noggin48:What a Real Beast =D They make them big over there :-) I shall stand by 
what I said about their use, or abuse of my English Language! That on-board 
announcer, she spoke too fast O_O It took a bit of time to know what a 
"stroller" was? A bag O_O I did not understand most of what she said O_O It 
was a good thing that there were a family group of civilized Belgie 
Flemmings on board :-) LEUK ;-) Favourite =D 
Pieter P:@TrainzDr3ver Echt eh =D 
TrainzDr3ver:Wat een beest =O =D LEUK!

VIDEOID:5yUlXnE9dNg
naomi garcia:when are they gonna put the video of the harlem shake we did 
Maddplace4:@gymwolf1201 IKR 
TheHaloman117:why do i have to be on the otherside -richard
killermanboy2 .:tht flash mob kame out of nowhere 
jubejubex23:Awesome job Amanda and friends! You ROCK! 
Adrian Castillo:That was Kool and I saw myself in the background
Marielle Kinney:That was so kool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

VIDEOID:1B7zPofAu28
Kei Narimatsu:What is going on.  Cannot download to an iPhone

VIDEOID:V8IbnWi5Ho4

VIDEOID:MPbvOeC5zhw

VIDEOID:e5GciiIUTO4

VIDEOID:3m2Ja7MfN9U

VIDEOID:zuFI2sQsjI8
randolph summ:
TY:I love their sound!! Very soulful and smooth... :) 
Ladyshystar:I have watched these two for 6 years now.  It is amazing how they have 
matured musically and found themselves.  Wonderful as always Natalie. TY 
:-)
nonchalantd:wonderful
Leon R.W:Thanks for the upload :)

VIDEOID:1aLSwtbbVW8
chill137ks40:Stupid Idea GM, bad enough people text and drive now you want to make it so 
everyone in the vehicle can......STUPID STUPID...distract everyone in the 
car so no one can see danger coming...reverse thinking...

VIDEOID:b9dkI6tt91U
kattiscarlett:   ?     ?
Igor Merzin:? Steak    .
Vladimir Orex:
Sensiz none:  ;-) )
Kiev Segodnya: 
Artur Ghambaryan:         
:   3 ,     - , 
,  
 :          
.
GarikKIN:,  ,     .
Gud Vin:  ?    ,    
.(,. ......)
Pavel Osipov: !         ! 
      ?
 :   .

SiliconValleyVoice: 1651:     25   .   ?

VIDEOID:ifBFNGZmcaQ
john j rambo:very nice loved it thanks so much .hope you two have a very happy life to 
together and have kids . thanks again for your video . . 
raffles31:i love you video it looked like an amazing time, can you tell me where you 
flew to and departed. Also how was the driving over there and anything to 
watch out for? regards

VIDEOID:wsWUoCxjXJQ
w10021:tiny bubbles......
 :
Rod Wyatt:low voltage ? just how low , I have been running  HHO in a 80 series 
landcrusier  for 3 yrs  the amout of amps needed to produce the gas was 
increadable but .. fuel costs  were cheaper
Andrew Liljenquist:Hooray for electrolysis.... Glad y'all went to first grade science class 
and finally figured it out in college...
dallasgoldbug:Im confused, whats the big deal about this?  two carbon graphite electrodes 
with a current applied and.....what's the big deal?
WahapinmyMilo:Anyways - We can't wait to see the Yahoo article for the THIRD time how the 
military has modified this to create Carbon Dioxide instead of oxygen and 
hydrogen they promptly morph into synthetic diesel fuel. Have you seen the 
morons tout those 'breakthroughs' yet??
Ivan Vojt:Big OIL wants an expensive solution to justify the higher costs to the 
consumer.  If and I do mean IF a cheaper means is available just shelve it 
for decades and if need be then use the "cheaper" method when it's 
absolutely necessary to drive production costs down.
Joe Hatoum:
thecrownedone:
Jorge Gamaliel Frade Chvez:Hydrogen for autonomous underwater drones. Hydrogen forever and 
for autonomous robotic jellyfish. Very good
Andrew Tchircoff:What is the effectivity if use the hydrogen generated will be used for 
splitting? Is it effective this way? )
yazicib1:What happens after a week?
Globe Hackers Multimedia:We'll get there if we can become better people and retard climate change: 
http://buff.ly/1BLKmhZ
Alibaba Neue-Welt:its looks like the found an old technolgy , 1,5V , how many amps ? how many 
liters gas/h ?
we here spilt with 0,88V and Vmax are 1,25V in ordinary water .
for our new turbine we need 15m3/h , please tell me how many power you need 
to get this amount of gas .
Sammy J:I will.
Sammy J:I dont know you need to think about that.
Sammy J:Wonder what the ratio of energy in to energy out is?
Sammy J:wow.
Research, Development and Engineering Command:Stanford water splitter produces clean hydrogen 24/7 -- YouTube video 
https://youtu.be/wsWUoCxjXJQ
Army Technology Magazine:Stanford water splitter produces clean hydrogen 24/7 -- YouTube video 
https://youtu.be/wsWUoCxjXJQ

VIDEOID:Jv0XLz71qLE

VIDEOID:3g4kRQNpXLo

VIDEOID:tItcb6hQ-s4

VIDEOID:N5uMrVy1beo
Tami1 Al:vse pravel'no, nado ne zabyvat' , chto amerika ona strana svobodnaya , 
poetomy mnogo priezjayut v ameriky i jivyt , i rabotayut, poetomy zakryvat' 
pyti v ameriky nivkoem slychae ne bydyt, politika takaya, svoboda dela
NikolaevNN:, .       
.          
 .   15-20       
                
     .
FDog16:     -    - .  
      ...
 :   ,       ,   
    -      
 (),        
.
 :      ?  4   ,  , , 
,  . 
 : ,        ,    
  .        
.          
.             
.
Vladislav Karnaukhov:    , "  "  ,  - 
    .    -  
   .  ,  ,   ,  
 ,   .  ?     
   ,     
     et al  .   ,   
      .    2+2.
 :  ,         
 ""?   2+2   ?    
   .     ,     
google,      ?    
 ,  ,        
 .
  :A      )    -    
) ?
Vladislav Karnaukhov:       ,  .  
  ,  .      
  ,   ,    
   ,      
.
LEO DiKaprio:!     .      
 "  "        
   ..    .     
 - clck.ru /8qa5T
N Kuznetsov:    ,  "    
 17 ".  ,       
 30    ,      
          . 
      ?     ,  
  ?    ?
SiliconValleyVoice:    - 
FDog16:    ?
Axe5345:    ! " " -      
 ?    ?    - (  , 
   ) ?    ... 
 :     ,      
,  -    .     
,           . 
           
 .
Alex Ilyenko:   ,       
,    .     ,    
       .  ,  
   ,  -  . 
Axe5345:    ,  ,     
,      .    , .. 
  ,        
 
 :    ,      ?   
,         ,  
,       .    . 
ruhoer eoijre:,   ,       
,      ,   
.

VIDEOID:HRNS4aEJa-4
Alexander Korenkov: .  .
Mikhail Bjorn:,  .       , 
 5    1500$-   !!!....
Shtepule4ka:     !!!
Wideolink: 
Alexander Shnitke:  ? 
Tim Fersgan:    !:)
 : !!!! !!!!
mind4ce: !         !
 :      ?
Wynn Holland:    !      
 .          
     ,    
    .
 :,         !!! 
...))))   ))) - !     ,   
    ! )))    , 
  !
 : .   , -  .   
  . "           
     ?     
   ?         
  (1500      )."
      https://www.facebook.com/janna.kibkalo
 :  !      :)!
RomaSky: ,    .  ,    
15         ? ?
Anna FindYourUse:   ,   --.
misty flip:-   IT))) 
 : !    !))) 
Apollinary Zakharov:   ?
          . 
 ,      ,  - . 
   ,    ,    
   -   .      :)
Delfinchik:!     !     
  :   (   ),  ( 
  ).        
  !  ,        
.    .  ! !
   ! :)
Ian Eksner:   .   -   . 
          (   
 ).  ,       ,   
,      ,  
          . 
,      .  ,   
  ,     .     
  . -,  -    
,    .   ,   , , 
 . ",    15 ,    
   , ".  ,  , 
,   ,       .  
 . ,   ,        
. ",          . 
?"         ,  
,      " ".   
  .  .    ,   
.  ,   .  .   .  
 . ,   ,       - 
. ,  ?.. , ,   , .     
,         : " 
?"      .  ,  
  : "   ?" "!" -   
 . :)

VIDEOID:NP7UKkqTbs0
Nadiya Parkhomenko:...       " "    
-,       -     ,   
    ,     ,   
  ,   . :    , 
     ,    ,   
""      -      
 ,     ...   .   , 
      ,     ,    
  ,   ... :),   :  
 ,       .  .
Andrey8587:
Ina Cristal:
 !      ...
SiliconValleyVoice:  ,     !!!     
!!!
 :,     .     
. ,     !!! 
Andrey Zoege von Manteuffel:    ,     30  (   
).   ,        .
Elkin Palkin:  .   .
Andrey von Manteuffel: Palkin,   ,    .   
(,  ect.)        
   .       . 
        
.     (    ) 
,  ,    ,      
  ...  . 
Elkin Palkin:    .     
 ,     .      
   ,       .
MrMar dow:      ,     
  .    ,   .    
        . 
MrMar dow:, -  ,      ,  
 , ,     -   
,   ...,  (   
      ?)     3  
     ,      
  100%     4 !   , 
    -  !
SiliconValleyVoice:    ,   .
Matizz Fewwallt:,      ?   .
Dreamingmisss:,      !     
 ! !!!
 :   !     ,   
 ,    .     20    
. 
Elena Fursova:   ?  ,  ,   ?
Sergii Nikolayev:       ( )  
     (   )   
         .    
 (  ...)   , ..    - 
 .  ,      
 ,           
        .
Elkin Palkin:,    ,    .
Arthur Kocharyan:!    
Vlad S.:) ,,       ,  
      "  ")

VIDEOID:IlNTTPwyBGc
Valentin Smirnov:     ,    
 ,    ,       
  
Galymzhan Kalmenov:  !      ,     
  .          ,    
      .  !
Black Rain:etoi zimoy odin raz sneg vipal po poyas....
 :  
Anatoly Spitsin:     ) ,      
  .
ruhoer eoijre:       ?! :) , ,  ! 
Roman P:Tesla ,       Chrysler, Fiat, 
Mitsubishi, Lincoln, Porsche, Volvo  Cadillac.  USA   
 :)
Serjio    D. Smirnoff:..        ????
Yutaka Kuga:!))        -!!   
 !!!!)))    
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RusTanu: !!
Name:   !
 :
SiliconValleyVoice:       .      
 ,     .

VIDEOID:Ed0Gv2tqLNo
 :  ?      
Sergey Kholmogorov:    , asphalt shingles   ,   
    ,     
shingles.  ,      ,    
 ,        .
 :    ,     )))))
SuperPanichka:   .     .
Agent868:,      ,   .  
 ,      :   -  
. , ,    ,     
  ""! :)  ,      ,  
      )
dmit posadsky: -    (    
 ) ,   )))))))))
 :     .
XtaticVideo:     )
Alex Mik:  -     ! 
ARTsparta:,       ?))  
         ""  
 
pavlusu:!!!  -   !     . Bobcat E-35, 
Bobcat E-45, Bobcat E-50   2013      58000$, 
65000$, 75000$ .      1200    (20$) 
      1500 . (25$).    
   185$  . ,        
   ?    ,    .
 :,       ?     
   ?
Dmitrii Korolev:,         !
      .-))
trashplaceStudio:        . -  .
Anton Maslovich::      .
MrVeklich:    .
 :        . 
 :        ?
Elena Voit:  ,     .   
 :))))
Ruslan Dmitriev:  ,      . -    
))) 

VIDEOID:OotOnRcds3I
Phyllis Watts:Love this little baby.
Phyllis Watts:
Phyllis Watts:Well So happy to see all my friend and. Family are doing fine today.I am 
supposed to h a very my phone back today. I pray this one works.Love all, 
Phylliswatts
Ian Andrews (ProjectCarTV):
ProjectCarTV:

VIDEOID:9lp3VhkHCTU
Artyom Romanov:    ?
 :     ?
OPEN WORLD - GOLD COLLECTION (TOP 10):       ,  -..   ,  
-,   ,       ..  
       ,   
 ..  .      
    -  ..      
   , ....       
   ..   ..   
          
 ..  .   ,  ..  
 ,     .              
   .. "        
            
   ,  -   " ", 
         ???"
KrabllllFroYo:   "Clean Air Vehicle"    
            
       ?
Leonid Bondar: - ,   ?
    ?
    ,        
,        ,    
   .   ,      
    .         
   ?
 ,           
,   /  ,      
.
PhotoAzbuka:           . 
    , ,       
,      .
????
!
RousseurN:   ( ), ,   ,     
?
         ,  - 
 .      ( ),  
, .      .   
  ?)
Sergei G:       (  )?   
        ( 
 ,         
  -     ,      
      ).
Victor Yakovlev:     ()    ?  27 
,    ,  ?   ? 
!
 :   (,   ?)     
(    , ),   ?
 :     :    
  ? 
 :     ?
 :          .        
  .        -!    
-!       ?(      
  )          .    
   ?!    ...
Max Zver:   ?
 :    ?
 :!  ,     
        ? !
 :,    "".    , 
      ? 
buriknik::    .   ? ;)
buriknik::          ? 
buriknik::            
.    . 

VIDEOID:IuFPEaH07HI
oops1vc:   .       200 ,  
        .     
.

1.          ?    
     .
2. (  )      ,   
     .     . 
          
3.    "      ", 
    ,       ,    
,          .     
       . 
4.         
Kolomin1987: -   ,  .
Artem Trifonov:       mobile home?     
   ...     - , 
     -    ))
 :,  !
steve gardian:  ,         
  ?
steve gardian:, ,       ,  
    ,  ..,   
     -    ?  ,  
    .
 :            , 
   !  , ,  
 ,    !
Al St:          
-,      ,  
  ,            
    ?
Dmitry Kilishek: ,    ,  zillow.com     
   mobile home      5000  60000 
,        google maps,  
   ,     ,   
 .  .      150000 - 250000 
     ,  , ,  .  
   . 

       , : 
 41.295019,-96.113153
       ,     
100+ 41.303377,-96.115075  
Vadim Nikulin:       -   .    
   ,  - ,   
  -  ,         .   
 ,    ,   -   
.         ,     
 ,    , ..    
 ,  ,      (  
 ),         
   .      
     .      
 -       .   
 ,      (  ).      
     ,   .
Our American Stories (South Dakota):   .       ,   
           ,   
       .       50, 
   5     20,    5    5  
 .
Ian Eksner:  .       . 
PaccoJl161:    17 ,  9 ,    2  
.     (Java)   
   ,      Junior.   
 (3 )      .      
  18    ,  ,     
    Middle,     
  .        
,      4-5   .  W&T 
   , ..          
,   ,    ,  W&T   . 
    :)
mamuka guruli:              
?            
kwancho pancho: ,   .         
!!!!     - -.   -     
, ,  ,    , 
         
   ,         
.
 :,      FLEX ?    ?
ariadna40:, --       
.  ,     .   
, .   .
               
    ,        )))
Andrii Khakhariev:      , ,   ,  
 (, ,     ).    
      ""   - ?  -  
 .          : 
, ,     ..   ,   
  .    ,      ,  
,   ,      ,     
     "".

          . +  
"    (      )  
,  -  outskirts"    .

P.S.           
 .  ,     .
Konstantin Devyatkin:,   . ,       5, 10, 30 
 ,     .      
 .          5  (150-180 . 
).      150 .      
.    25  ,    3 
.     30%.   11-13%.  
    .         
 ,     .    
   ,       . 
         . 
 -       . 
Ilya V: Mobile Homes        ..

VIDEOID:ObztVWiUxxo
RushkaN:!!!   .    . 
 :  ,        =)
 :     !!!   ,    
 !!!!!
ABBY -: ,  !    ! .
GarikKIN:    , 20  ,  40 !
Raduga1111: ! ,       )))!   !
jonny071000:!!!
66Vladd:  !   !!     !!!
 : !!! )))))
Dmitry Shinkarenko:!
Alex Gorbachenko:.    
Igor Goodvix:      .   .!!!
Gevorg Grigoryan:      
Gevorg Grigoryan:    ,   ,     
   ....
Delfinchik:! !
  :)  .
 !
nobody: ,         ,    , 
       .      
.
SiliconValleyVoice:  party - ,  -  

VIDEOID:rmhkJaX2kjA

VIDEOID:eI3OXzrW3W8

VIDEOID:_ooCTI6wm0E
vrumako:  ,  ,      ?)  , 
   ,          
 ,    ...
Aleksey Shishatskiy:    -  ?     ?
Julia Pankova:  ,       (((
Serg Ltd:    , -    ,    
   
Serg Ltd:   ;)
Sergey Izvekov:"  "...      .    
          ,    
       ,     
    ,      . 
Nadia P.:   ,   !!! ))) 
Serjio    D. Smirnoff:  .. ..   ..   ..   

KarskyFL:, 
Zeka Ufa:  -   )))
Vlad S.:  ,    .     . 
    4    .    
.
v68:       )) 
stimerstimer:     ,    
 .
igor sherepitka:        ,    
,      ,    .  
  ,   ,     
,        , ,   
        ! ,    
   ....
SiliconValleyVoice:   .    .
SiliconValleyVoice: ,             
  ,        .    
,      .       
 -  .
SiliconValleyVoice:  .    , .  
    . "" ,  
      : - 
,     (   ,  
 ) -   ,     
        ,   
 ,   .        .
afterploid:     )    ,    
.  " 2012 ,       
,          
       . "    " 6 
 2011     ()     
      .  
      ."
farid sadiekov:          , 
 .  .   .
v68:     ?

VIDEOID:LOanEMImYI4

VIDEOID:wUj1vPpRuBo

VIDEOID:m8RIFlj7xG8
Christopher Harrington:CreditCards.com, Wingman, 2013
John Egan:It's amazing to see 30-second commercial and to know that it took hours and 
hours and hours of prep to film this.
Colin Stuart:In case you see someone who looks like me on TV, it might be me. In a 
national commercial for creditcards.com .  And if I seem authentically 
weary about the sucky selection of credit cards, it's not just because they 
pretty much do.  Phoebe hardly let me sleep the night before.  (December 
was a bad month for sleeping).

VIDEOID:YHUpB0GMLMo
Andrey Evgenievich:, ,  !  ,  ,    
"",  ... !!
, - -!    (2:07, , -),   
   ,    (Jaguar).   , 
3:53,   Porsche Carrera Cabrio,   964..   
 ()    .
 :           
Agent868:2:40
-  , ,      "" ?
- ...
-  ?
(    ,   ,        
 - )
Vorobyev Alexander:,  ,     "  "  
 ,       .     
?      ,   
, .       20 .     
  .  .    ,  
 .       . 
 .
""          
.   ,      
     .
Delfinchik: " "   .   - 
 ,   (single family house),   
,  ( ),   , , , 
 (    :) )  ..     :) 
     90 :)
slikrom:, !    ""  ? 

 :-   ,   ,    ....
TheDionis7: ,    
Jurahis:,  ,   ?    
   ?
 :,..    ,  .  
  .    ,  
  .
Anatolii P:,      ? )
 ::
    .   .    
.       "".     , 
 . 
Artur Ghambaryan:       ....
 :    , , , , . 
  .
GarikKIN:   XJ  .
Ella 1:        )
Veza Dahiev:,     "  ,    
\"
 :  !  !!!
 :    :  ,     
 . ..       
,  (  -   ) 
  ..  -    ,     
   .  . ,      
,     -      
.  (  ,    )    
    ,  -    -  
 -  ,  -      
     5-  (  -  ). !
Dram831:             
      ..      
..      ...     , , 
      ....

VIDEOID:fCtcQWbgpMI

VIDEOID:8_3auhdjkN0
Jacob Hanson:Steli I fucking love you.
Close.io:How To Create A Successful Phone Sales Script

VIDEOID:s1FWcuibaik

VIDEOID:TgC04PTswk4
 :     ?
 :  !!!!! ;-)) !
Wing DarKneSS:         1.10 ?   
  : !!!
Vadim Sarosek:     ,  ))     !!!
 :  )   )
Elena Fursova:  :)
Andry Tor:-))))))))  ... ,    ,   
!
 :, 
 :,      !!!!!!)))))))))))
Vitaliy Sviderskiy: ,       ,    
 .     ,     
 .
Vitaly Kulik:       ;(     
!   !
Artem Zubov (ArtZ0777):  ,  . :))  .  
...  ,    .  , 
  -    .     
. ,  " " ,     . . ;-)
 :,       !   
  ,    !
 :vrumako, ?   ,  ,    400   
  -   .   
 ,  , ,    -  
,     . ,     
   ,    , - . '  , 
   )
 :        ,    
  ?      ,   
,     ?       
    " ",  ? -    
  .
Diana S.:       ! ;)   
  .    !!!
SiliconValleyVoice:   .      .
SiliconValleyVoice:    
SiliconValleyVoice:, , 

VIDEOID:6hgUFSnt6PU
RezzlerGaming:I did this kind of stuff in school last year.
Pete Mauser:There are events in this world that truly bring HOPE, INSPIRATION, 
GUIDANCE, DIRECTION and many good values to our youth. This is one of the 
very few. Kudos to the organizers and to Tiger Grandma. We mean it!
jonjonmcg:

jonjonmcg:Wow why is the music so loud ? 

VIDEOID:pqhAHijrER8
TheMagnumProject:@rpballa248 nice! 
rpballa248:haha, I was able to sneek on to my laptop.. :)

VIDEOID:Xk6KICkGQBU
 :  .... 
Beso Kusiani:. !
 :        ,     .
Aleksey:,  ,    :((   :))
seoredactor:     ?
Araik Melkonian:    
 : ..)    -      
 
Shushanik Khachaturian:  -  
uriolis:        ?   !
 :    ...
Serg Ltd:  :)       :) 
Shushanik Khachaturian: :)      - commuter train,     
,      -.
Victoria Light:Shushanik,     .       
 .           
.    ,         
   . .  . 
Vitaliy Koshevoy: !
Dietmar Hartmann:   .
egor kosenco:  =(
Dmitry Skvortsov:...  ,  ? )))
MsKler11: .  .
Diminmir:)))
Shushanik Khachaturian:   ... :) 

VIDEOID:PK1Wi5eaAoM
M Ly Nguyn Th:my cn cho nh thu xy dng
M Ly Nguyn Th:Ci ny khng bit gi bao nhiu, trang b cho th bn mnh s gip h  
mt rt nhiu

VIDEOID:oZSzIMeTSxk
Tony Mafiozo:  :)
samuils:    ?   .     
      .     ( 
   )      
.
 :        -     
               
.               
.      ,     
   .
 :        ,   
       ,    
  .         3   
     -     2  
 1,5      ( )   
 ,    QBasik, Visual Basik, Delfi, Turbo 
Pascal. 
SiliconValleyVoice: , ,       ,      
.       .    , , 
     .
 :  -       ""))    
,      !   .   
       !       
!     ,  -   ,  
 -   . 
SiliconValleyVoice:      1?
 :   !     .  
 50%        .    
    ,   ))    
    ,       
 .    ,   
   
SiliconValleyVoice:   -           - 
4
 :,   !      .     
  (4 ).       1,      
,         ?
SiliconValleyVoice:  .         ,   
.      -   .   
     -    ,   
.
 :  ?
SiliconValleyVoice:     .    . 
       .      
,     .     
   . " "   , 
     .    100 
    .  .    
   W&T -   fraud.     
 :  " 952           " 
  ,     Work & Travel,    
     300   ,   
  3000     2 .      
.
SiliconValleyVoice:        ,   
?   ?
 :         ?    
-     ? 
youtube.com/watch?v=TwnHtcuja6w
smirnovartem46:     ?
Max Bocharnikov:     ,        
 ,     1     
 ,   )
 :  ,     2- .    
     .    . 
  .
Max Bocharnikov:    ,          
   (

VIDEOID:EN6DUsKFds0
Konstantin Devyatkin: ,   .
owl white:,       )    
. 
Iurii Volkodav:    ,       . 
 ,      .
 : -  !!!         
...    !!!
Arahi5:  
 :   ,   .     
.
Sergey Kholmogorov:   .
Sergey Kholmogorov:     , !!!     
    .
Anatoliy Tony:        anatoliystepanov@hotmail.com
Anton Berezovsky:           

FDog16:           . 
,   .
kotokg:      ?         
    .
Love Pazyak:    ,:1)     CALIFORNIA 
DREAM   , :2)    
     ;3)  
         
,      ,    
 !
 :         
,  ..      .    
        
 .  ,   :    ,    
,     ..       
       .
Sergey Ushakov:   "   "    !!!   
!   , ,  !!! 
Alejandro IP:    , , .     
 .
Gugusia Gug:      -      
 .  ,    IT ,  )
 :     100$-     Crest  
   .    ,      
      )
 :,  .     ,    .  
  pay pal.            
  .  .
Gugusia Gug:    !

VIDEOID:9dfOYkZzhbw
Mrk Stefn:So all of them were 4 grams heavier than the first you measured?
I guess Honda didn't have the experience of machining titanium they need at 
that time.

VIDEOID:4zVNriqe2Bg
Yerlan A:      ?
Polina Nikishina:     "!!!" )))))
 :        .  , 
  ,       , 
  ,    .       
 .     . 
The Presidents of the United States of America:   
Serega Levchuk:, !
Control Youilluminati:28  
 :        
 :  ,   ,    . 
   .
PaccoJl161:    ?
PaccoJl161:         ?  9 
   4    ?
TheNik4152:0:38  ,   
Ivan Tishevsky:    ...
OlesyaVologdina: )))))
Valery T:  )
SiliconValleyVoice:  .      .

VIDEOID:qY-EBrDu1IA

VIDEOID:TqlvWpqn42g
Andrey Evgenievich:"  39",    - , Honda CRX  
 (Civic Del Sol, 93-98 ..).      39 540i - 
...  Lamborghini     70-?
mamuka guruli:         "   
"     
SiliconValleyVoice:     .  ,     
 ,         .
Gekko:   USA   ,   :  
  ,     ?   
/  ?   ,   
1000 ?,         
,   ?
SiliconValleyVoice:     .     -  

Yura Petra:     ,   US    
     .       ,  
 -     .      
 . 
SiliconValleyVoice:    
Zema52 France:, ,       . 
, ,     ?
ProgressSuccess:      !
Fluttrshy Pony:   39    ?
Serjio    D. Smirnoff:         !  
         .      
               
  11           
.    ,       
             
        .
sanfransusel:      
SiliconValleyVoice:    . ,   ,    -   
.       -   ,   
 -   ,   .
SiliconValleyVoice:  -    . ,   . 
  .
ruhoer eoijre:,  2     .
ruhoer eoijre:    ,      
   . 
ruhoer eoijre:,     ,     ,   . 
     ?  ,        
 :)
Dmitry Adamenko:     ,       ,  .  
 ,         (, 
, ,  )      ,      
 ,     ,    ...
Dmitry Adamenko:  .   .   
    ,       
    . .    
   ,       ,    
,      ,      . 
(    ,        ,  
          
)
Dmitry Adamenko:        ,   
   

VIDEOID:9yOXapH1_f0

VIDEOID:IP0fbHuISVw
kingmikeofthenorth:That's freaking scary! Bay area drivers seem to have enough trouble driving 
FORWARD. Another reason for me to switch to bicycling 100% (and running all 
the stop signs!!!!!!!)
chpman2013:I could take a stab at it.....drive didn't work, so he went with 
reverse...that's my take on why he drove like that, not that I endorse it
iTRYER:At least he was driving better than most cabbies.
npadul30:I would take a guess that they really needed to get somewhere and their 
transmission was acting strange so reverse was the only way they could go.
TVman1981:Hahahahah just seeing if you were paying attention! 
ekstarr:you just quoted yourself on that stanley 
steviesmiler:I've got to admit, he seems to be pretty good at it. :-)
TVman1981:I could take a guess, he was an "IDIOT"! But don't quote me on that, 
because he could actually be a "MORON"!
TVman1981:No matter what lane you're in, It's the wrong lane! 
fenix9885:At least be in the right lane! 
baire702:anyone know why they were driving like this?
John Murphy:But driving while holding your cellphone camera is all the rage!
TVman1981:sure would!
Dustin Wilson:Wouldn't a jerk to the wheel pull him out of control at that speed?
CyclingMagician:illegal, but at least we know he's a better driver than most! 
mlps93:at least he had his hazard lights on LOL
Bullseye:stupidity!
riner9:very illegal
carman81usa:It's called either having AAA or getting towed, they are too cheap to pay 
for a tow truck. 
wannawatchu66:How can a car go that fast backwards? I thought reverse was low gear 
backwards.

VIDEOID:C0Bp0Sa5oJQ

VIDEOID:96IR3FQG6nI
hassan Waleed:Lol, athletes get all luxuries and still dont perform exceptionally well.
Aaron Kasparov (2976):And that was just some guy from the stands.
Edward Whelan:A man??? Boo!!!
moviebuzzrocks:and later that night they fucked 

VIDEOID:kRl4m8uqL8Q
fujimatosa:     ,      .   
,   .     .
    ,       .
 :P.S.  ,        
  (    ) , - 
  ,   ,        
;-)   )
 :,  ,  ,     ,   
  !
SiliconValleyVoice:   ,  .      
 .
A.I.S. Fortis:    .  .   ,    
   . ,       . 
         . 
 :  ,   .       . 
"" , ,         
   ,        
  ?  " " -  ,     
.    ,      
    ?  , ,  
   .
Ulick Norman Owen:   .     ,       
          ,   
   ,  ,   , 
    ,     
,      ,    
    ,   . 
 :   .         , 
   .        
...,     . ,      
    .     - 
 1  ,   .  ,  ,    
            
   .
 :  ,   .
 :   .  ...  ,  . -, 
 .    , ,      
   . -,   ,  
  IT ( ) -        
. -,       , 
          .
 :     ,   )))
 :   , ,   ,     
 ,   ,    .     
,       ,  , ,    - 
     .   , ,    
   ,   (   
)       .    ,  
"   "
 :, -, -    ,  -  .  
-,       .
FDog16:  ,       .   
      1 .      
,   ,      .
ProgressSuccess:   .       
  .
 :,    !       ...
 :        ,     
          ,  
   . 
 :   ?     ...
Roman Agat:  ,     ,   ,  
    .       
,  .
Serjio    D. Smirnoff:      (      
    15     )   
        .    ..  
           
   ,        
     .         
        .

VIDEOID:A3Y0IcmsNks

VIDEOID:haZSYCaR9vM
Guevara Arnaldo:
Guevara Arnaldo:

VIDEOID:VEvtfP2r2xY
UnownOne:

VIDEOID:LgFfzcav8YA

VIDEOID:ge9ai4DgWUY
:how many Chinese GSB alumni carry global business instead of only focus on 
China?

VIDEOID:yXbtrEzsFXI
corazon73:estoy totalmente de acuerdo: los bakalas son relativos como el tiempo 
Aitor Mndez:

VIDEOID:ykpt-bQxie4
Ombra Glid:Guaita el Gosset, qu simptic!!!
DagonVirium:Esto teneis que compartirlo, moverlo a saco!!! Que la gente vea estos 
sketches tan chulos y se conciencien de que internet es muy til, ms all 
de los juegos online y del entretenimiento masivo. Por mi parte ya estn en 
mi facebook profesional.
As que ya sabeis! A expandirlo!!!
Albert Poquet:m'encanta!
Francisco Merin:Curioso, y si no existiera internet....
landreu:

VIDEOID:2qLSWyQBNp0

VIDEOID:iMU9kErWfA4
Ralf Lippold:
David Orban:

VIDEOID:Zstu7SV3ceI
Shawn A. Alvarez:Steven Universe Espaol Latino Capitulos Completos Episodio 31-40 HD Steven 
Universe Espaol Latino Steven Universe Espaol Latino Steven Universe 
Espaol Latino Watch Online
"""See More At: http://bit.ly/1BUuZ19 
This is a very nice video  Hope you guys enjoy it, if you do, Please Don't 
Forget Like , comment, Subscribe and I will greatly appreciate it.
Wish you have a moments of fun! Have nice a day to you and your Family! 
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR WATCHING ! """"

Steven Universe Espaol Latino Capitulos Completos Episodio 31-40 HD
""


"
Shawn A. Alvarez:
Henry Trinh:

VIDEOID:MHuXlJzqKqs
onix2005:CONTACTO...
nehorlavazapalka:They are already here. Planck scale, universe running machines. No one 
bothers with neutrinos. It si ridiculous how even physicists underestimate 
aliens/AGIs. Maybe some alien amish. Maybe.
supportyourlocallurk:@nicosmind Sir you seem highly optioned and relatively hostile. Perhaps 
stepping back from the current paradigm you are invested in and then 
stepping back a little farther you will see that whatever your opinion of 
bitcoin may be it is it's potential of not being a thieving centralized 
privately owned bank that is so important. I wonder how people reacted when 
Sir Isaac Newton reinvented the British currency? Probably with some 
resistance to the change much as you apparently would resist change to our 
current monetary system however stressed and antiquated it is. 
Laintal Sibornal:
Laintal Sibornal:
Cecilia Cruzata:
NicosMind:Cant wait till we can look at the atmospheric spectrums of exoplanets. 
Oxygen, CO2 and Methane could all be signs of life (that I know of). And 
maybe more. Should help us work out which planets might be sending signals. 
Even if we don't find a possible candidate we would still know what makes 
up the atmosphere of 1000s of planets, and use that for working out a 
chance for abiogenesis. And possible planets for human expansion. Exciting 
whatever way you look at it.
georgem:I wonder what kind of money advanced civilizations use.
Do they have some kind of Bitcoin network running on the cepheid galactic 
internet?
:-)
SETI Institute:

VIDEOID:6Gif7DxXlaI
Topplez Corporation (Cafe 125, The Coffee House & Waffles):lol
Topplez Corporation (Cafe 125, The Coffee House & Waffles):These are the funniest comments I've read in a long time.  Wouldn't dare 
try to open one of these but the comments are funny as he&&!
Lawrence Klepinger:You should be ashamed of yourself.

Lawrence Klepinger
AIR JORDAN:fuck u 
AIR JORDAN:its porn fuck u 
Kathy Schultz:I can't even get to the site!!
jens de ruiter:Its porn:/
Jay Bennett:Love invite!
mikew4171:I have no idea what you FUK-HEADS are trying to do with this B.S. advice. 
 I've been on the fukin net for an hour and have YET to find a damn thing 
even close to getting a free movie !!!!  Are you BS'ers on drugs or what 
???
Timmy K:GO TO VIOOZ.COM, IT'S A VERY GOOD MOVIE SITE HAS OLD AND NEW MOVIES THAT 
ARE OUT THIS YEAR VIOOZ.COM ULL B GLAD U DID. IM ME AND TELL ME WT U THINK, 
FOLKS THNKS.
GiorgosY2829:This one is working fine:) Allmoviesforyou(dot)com Thank me later people:)
Randy Fernatt:OVG (online vidio guide) has 1000s of sites and Movies. You can find most 
everything there. Someone mentioned a movie from the 30s and I found it 
there. 
excusemaker:It doesn't let me in. 
tja2k9:Movies free watch.net - The best movies site online
Freeplugin:/watch?v=b-ku_tWr4Vs
MaceMn:Any video w/ such crappy music at the beginning is a dead giveaway of a 
waste of 3:21 worth of bandwidth.
Tan Shion:what if the links are illegal?
sarataraify:yes tom25239 but you can also find lists of free movie streaming sites on 
the net too.. try the bestfreestreaming . com site. On bestfreestreaming . 
com there is an updated list of the 9 best free movie streaming sites.  to 
find the website just put  best free streaming  into google -- gud luk !
Jackson king:watchmoviesonline10.blogspot.in/
Jackson king:j.gs/1333190/movie-watch

VIDEOID:Ai8VHFfNu58

VIDEOID:WoxW7szRiS4
Burton Lee:VIDEO @Stanford: Jan 26 2015 session on 'Internet-of-Things Startups & Seed 
Funds :: Poland & Austria' with +Jakub Krzych +Estimote; +Markus Wagner i5invest; 
+Mario Herger Austrian Innovation Center Silicon Valley.

VIDEOID:9z3swK4mMhc

VIDEOID:i1-dAagzGsw
Max F.S.:,        ,   ,  
       3   .  
   500 ,   40 /, speedtest  40    
,     28
RioPalmares:      ( 300    
    )     45000   
.     1500 .
mo-by:,      4g ?
Shibkoumniy: 4G, . ,   ,  . 
  .   ,    , .
Yura Averkieff:   , ,   .   
  11000 ,    700   20/
NewEnglandChannel:     100  (12 )   - 100 /,  
    70.      ,  
        . 
Anton Novosyolov:  ,      " " (   
 ),   ,     
.
Arthur Vin:     ! Dedicated  -   ,  
- 40 ,        ,    
 .   -         , 
   .          
,     .
Stanislav Svitto:   ,    ,  
:  (  )  50-100 /,  , 
   - 5-7  !!!     ,   
,      4g  ,    
(       gprs)    
.   3g     
BbICOTHiK:  ,  ,       ,  10 ,  
 40 /,   .
http://www.is74.ru/home/internet/tariffs/index.php#list
http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/3236618014
aqlexx:   15  . 70/50 /,     
 ..
STANLEY BRILL (SB):http://www.npr.org/blogs/alltechconsidered/2014/01/12/261924972/internet-in-america-an-on-again-off-again-relationship

NESTERENKO84:,   WiMAX "Worldwide Interoperability for 
Microwave Access"
 :        Cisco +  
    0   ,      7 
   (),         
 ?
 :4)          
   DLINK,      ( 
 )        Cisco 
  dlink   ,      
  

5)       ,  
           30 000$  
,    ,     ,   
  ,    100-150 k$      
         

           
         )
 :,   -     ?   -   
    100 /.
 :  
http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/3235658830
 :1)    ,       
        ,   
   

2)            
   ,      200-400   
 ,        
2-4   ,      

3) ,      ,     
    50-100 ,   
   ,        ,    
       ,    

Alex Kulikov: ... :-)     ""    
" "    1,1 /.  ,  " 
"    "".  30   . , 
.:-) 
 :        :)

VIDEOID:f01M6Q0Ot04
Rajesh Choudhury:Some have it rough, others don't. The guy in the brown just had it way more 
difficult than the others which is actually meant to be the norm, otherwise 
will all be millionaires, guess what happens when I told my father of my 
business, not pretty words, now that its making good profit he wants to put 
money in it, my reply no money for the nonbelivers lol.
Paradox Vista:
- Jake:53:56 This guy always wants to talk, acts too pussi, then gets smacked by 
everyone
- Jake:LOL this video was awesome just to see how different each of these guys 
are, their body language on stage is hilarious to watch
spicy noob feeder:The last enterprenure tweaking hard
Debbie Webb:"[Terminology means] Different things to different people... very 
frustrating."
So entertaining to watch smart people quibble.
Nelson Brown:I think she was sending the guy signs that she is interested.. but the 
skully guy is professional
C.O.I.N reminted: #Under30 and #OnFire
Jose Diola:seems like all these enterpreneurs are wierd...
Julie Parker:
GeoAl09:Guy with the slick back hair is very well spoken and seems like a great 
guy. Seems like a nice person
GeoAl09:Guy in brown jacket seems like an ass, has terrible listening and 
communicating skills and I'd never want to work with him. 
Planet Green:
Bob Bobby:Guy hosting is a gay douche, guy in brown leather is gonna murder someone
rajiv deonarine:weird eye movement....hmmm
gcsharks14:all tech...
Terrance Williams:
Customer Support:Young Entrepreneurs: Under 30 and On Fire
Mawufemor Biekro
Jay biekro
De-Von Ambitious:Hello My Name is De-Von. 

I'm no big name or anything I make videos on YouTube (De-Von Ambitious), 
but am trying to network and find. Hungry individuals that all need a voice 
or an outlet. So many of us artist, poetic, writers,etc want to do more, 
but expect some great break. That break starts here let's all network and 
talk with each other.  This whole post maybe filled with improper grammar 
or spelling that's when you come in place for you can help me with my 
flaws. You may have a beautiful creation, but it's missing something you 
can't think of. However I can help you find it.  I'm not big name just 
someone with a dream and we all can make our dreams come true. The more 
people you know the more your business will expand 
Michael Berg:that dude in the brown jacket is on so much blowwww 

VIDEOID:4mSMRHG8rvY

VIDEOID:eYsuFygoMJk

VIDEOID:fPfNOX_nPHY
mike peine:11,000 ocean wave action generators can power 200 million homes with 
technology known since 1799. OYSTER videos recommended. The Scottish 
government has been producing & using them since 2007 to power 9,000 homes 
(1 unit) without fail 24/7 & self paid in 2 years. & there are 9 more 
verifiable devices that can power the worlds energy needs without pollution 
& end poverty However 1%'s ENERGY COMPANY STORE is a ^$5TRILLION a year 
SCAM & controls the government & the patent office via lobbyist etc..
Vikramaadhithya Srikrishnadevaraya:my takeaway from the lecture : 1. architectural framework for the enernet 
2. Desynchronizing the energy grid 3. distributed storage 4, possible 
applications of unlimited energy !!! this is the most intersting thing to 
ponder on after 10 years, but right now I am bothered on possible 
applications of unlimited computing and bandwidth -which is rightnow being 
made possible by cloud computing..
puddingpimp:The only way I can see this working is with the electric company providing 
customer termination converters which run off more loosely regulated (and 
therefore cheaper) supplies from the network, and provide dual feeds of 
regulated AC and MVDC (eg: 48VDC) to the customer premises, and I can 
mostly only see this being installed in new real estate or network upgrades 
as the changeover cost would be enormous. Building simultaneous consumer 
demand and supply for DC appliances is very difficult.
puddingpimp:How can you convince consumers to purchase devices that run on unregulated 
power (or MVDC) when there is a guarantee from the electric company that 
they provide regulated power. How can an electric company sell unregulated 
or DC power when consumers already have enormous installed base of devices 
which require regulated AC at 50 or 60 Hz. In both cases the transition is 
difficult to commit to because of the massive installed base of the other 
party.
puddingpimp:This is of course sensible engineering, as IP routers are not fast or cheap 
enough to handle core network speeds. By distributing routing decisions 
over the routers at the edge of MPLS space, the routing within MPLS space 
is simple and deterministic, and the MPLS core can reach 1000+gbps.
puddingpimp:At the core of the internet is NOT IP, it goes up a few hops and then some 
router stuffs your internet packet into an MPLS (source routed labelling) 
stream and transmits it over a synchronous digital hierarchy (eg. SONET), 
exactly what he says was replaced. It's all smoke and mirrors to make it 
look like it's IP all the way, but a traceroute shatters the illusion when 
the routers in the middle disappear because they don't have IP addresses.
 :Agree.
Ptolemy Soter:no device should be created to collect CO2, the solution is replantation of 
the global forests, no more human devices can solve human disasters of 
deforestation.

VIDEOID:PbwS1fDNI-I
Muhammad Umar Farooq Qureshi:

VIDEOID:t979ito9eG4

VIDEOID:ykpt-bQxie4
Ombra Glid:Guaita el Gosset, qu simptic!!!
DagonVirium:Esto teneis que compartirlo, moverlo a saco!!! Que la gente vea estos 
sketches tan chulos y se conciencien de que internet es muy til, ms all 
de los juegos online y del entretenimiento masivo. Por mi parte ya estn en 
mi facebook profesional.
As que ya sabeis! A expandirlo!!!
Albert Poquet:m'encanta!
Francisco Merin:Curioso, y si no existiera internet....
landreu:

VIDEOID:aCBNVz2mqcI
NicheBuilder Website and Wordpress:

VIDEOID:6dVKyVXynac
NicheBuilder Website and Wordpress:

VIDEOID:PvP3oDQbinQ

VIDEOID:jRfatbaDJtA
NicheBuilder Website and Wordpress:

VIDEOID:up0yFI484i0
NicheBuilder Website and Wordpress:

VIDEOID:vZci1CmQPwc
NicheBuilder Website and Wordpress:

VIDEOID:nW8fIHHliQg
Emprendedores:

VIDEOID:Hd7qBFgkzH8
K TT:

VIDEOID:hV30O05wAF8

VIDEOID:kSHUha9ABNY
thwong1212:Elon loves McLaren, that is why Tesla' cars look fantastic.
Bob:Look at the way Justine is all over him. That's manipulation 101
Unfathomable Being:this is so 90s
Ruben Soto:He got a hair transplant?
MVrockersPS3:He said he could do something but didn't so he is not humble?
Suvacha Tomar:I wonder if he still has that car... 
aldown:gold digger alert!
James Orlando:He crashed this car. And x.com became paypal and we know how that went, 
very very well.
Abhishek Mitra:"I could buy one of the islands in bahamas and turn it into my personal 
fiefdom". New money makes some people too retareded. Glad he's such a 
better and more humble person now.
itube0047:Nice jacket old man
Andrei Luca:
Kan Nata:incredible video
niubiegio:1999
Jim Beam:and this kids, is how you hustle.
TheSkepticon:I worked in Hollywood and met a lot of lesbians. They have common 
idiosyncrasies and Justine is without a doubt a lesbian. I say that this 
entire video is a staged stunt. Justine a Kabbalist lesbian and Elon Musk, 
the deacon for the pedophile elite. Both hired to window dress the new face 
of NASA fake moon landing and all. To hell with them. This is a wakeup 
call.
Kevin Simon:Young Elon Musk featured in documentary about mil: 
http://youtu.be/kSHUha9ABNY
bc:
Reflexez:x.com became paypal right?
TheGodParticle:Meanwhile in Africa.. 
Vinod Rathore:@Everyelonmusk

VIDEOID:W-vj6BhQa5w
Masqueradia:What I truly love about the possibilities behind this method are wrapped up 
in the idea that the kids will no longer be confined to the prison of their 
desks when it comes to learning. This offers the opportunity to tutor at 
one's own pace, but it also opens up more time for projects and 
interactions that are so important in all the other aspects of growth that 
are fundamental for actually using a lot of these concepts in situations 
that are not "book and desk" based.
Anil Chary Vemunuri:how can we show and explain that - 5 * - 3 = 15
ND I:Salman is good to speak!
Andrew Taylor:KHANNN!!!! I'm sure nobodies make that joke before. No but really this is 
some welcome optimism for the future of education. Amazingly refreshing and 
inspirational. 
Hemming Peter Mortensen:Det er ikke s tosset.
Karim Jahangir:Very inspirational! Great guy. 
zoro ax:Thank u Mr. Khan. 
LT1209:off topic but Luke Pena is an excellent speaker....carry on :)
Anderson Neo:He is the God of Learning
Gold Bullion:Thanks
Novakira Sato:Wait, he's from New Orleans... That's my hometown. I can probably drive 
40min to meet Mr. Khan and offer a much deserved handshake.
issac newton:SUPPORT KHAN ACADEMY BY SPREADING THE WORD
michaelscellar:This isn't just a way of learning- it's re-learning. Since my paralysis I 
seem to have a memory that only works when it wants to and math that I did 
in high school is one of the things that seemed to disappear. Well, Sal got 
me going on some things that I couldn't quite catch on to- but don't for a 
second think it's a done thing, I expect to be logged in next week to 
understand something that escaped me again. Thanks Khan Academy!
shayhi123evil123:I think what Khan academy has is an amazing ability of simplification. 
Which is a very important process in any part of life.
bergita berisha:hey salman web 3.0 good
psdvector:This could be WEB 3.0 a educational web
Fedorrogov:That is really the future of education! I personally believe that we should 
focus more on this kind of technological impact on education to transform 
it into new way of learning.
Supriya Sharma:thank u for asking that 1st question!
Jawwad Farid:Cool Neal Stephenson reference at the end. Great intro by Luc in the 
beginning. Thank you Sal Khan.

VIDEOID:hK9ktrC9dSw
Yanzhi Dou:Wow, this talk is amazing. Such a difficult mechanism as FHE is explained 
so clearly!
Ayebare Kagina:thanks alot, very good talk learnt alot...
Nitin Jain:Nice talk for understanding the current aspects of homomorphic encryption 
and for some future aspects as well, good work done.
Sashank Dara:Very informative and useful talk, very well explained in lay man terms such 
a complex technology.
For one of the question asked in the middle, There are simple protocols we 
developed, where individual devices can have their own pairs of 
private,public keys but still collaboratively work on their encrypted 
values 
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/262974817_Multi-user_protocols_with_access_control_for_computational_privacy_in_public_clouds


VIDEOID:ipzR9bhei_o
Toma Oncu:0:45 0:52 fap part
twopercent:10 years later, still a favourite.
brigitte please look:did bach this witch only two hands?!
Walter TheOneWhoKnocks White:Who else's favorite part is the chord progression right after 1:34 ? It's 
just so beautiful, dark, and powerful all at the same time!
Nathan Sornsovan:Who played it
Gianmario B:1:18 - 1:32 
Muse - The Handler, guitar solo
melwin andersson:All 13 years old be like "OMG im only 13 and i like this im so Weird and 
unique"
Cecilie Evans:Sorry, This is hot.  Not sweet  Shows the keyboard fluctuations.
Cecilie Evans:I grew up on Bach  Mother studied at a conservatory  Thank you for this. 
 Very Sweet.
LE DUEL UNIPOLAIRE:merci pour cette musique imagee thank you very much.
John Sheridan:litterally heart touching.......
Andrs Marn:I love the Atari grafx
Freddy Fazbear (Freddy and the gang):It feels like it doesn't matter what part of the song I am on, there is 
always something unique that hasn't been played before.
Holbeinisscheisse:the part starting from 8:05 touched my heart
phoenixfirex:My favorite part is from 2:50 to 3:30
Dhritiman Sen:could you please show bar divisions? hehe
Frank Krey:Was mich mal brennend interessieren wrde - wenn man alles in 1 und 0 
umstellt und dann bersetzt - ws kommt bei raus ???
Rose Caviglia:I cant amajin creating this piece. Go Bach!!!
Nihad Rustem:2.019 dislike why?
Ace Jhon Williams:Oh god how this takes me back in time.. I remember us my orchestra playing 
this! I was first violin! And we took a whole month to get it perfect XD

VIDEOID:AJPy5SwVa-I
R Brown (4Crawler):In this 3rd streaming radio video, I'll look at some of the streaming 
add-ons available for Kodi.

VIDEOID:Jd_qnhIMhlo
jammin471:  http://qoinpro.com/d3425761f30abae68415535d39432395
Get bitcoins for FREE  at the site above...Check it out  !!!!
jelibi K:http://bit.ly/1n5h1kU
Wow..! it is shocking that 1 Bitcoin was worth $79
last year (2013) and this year (2014), 1 Bitcoin is 
worth over $800. This currency is growing exponentially
in front of our eyes. I remember when I passed the opportunity
if buying Bitcoins when 1 Bitcoin was only under 1 dollar, lucky
I bought some Bitcoins last year and now I am smiling. If I bought
them back then at under a dollar I would be a multi-millionaire..!
wresing:Will Work For Satoshi.

Bit coin hoarders, loosen those purse strings and start hiring. Human 
capital makes the best investment.
OptikBlast:I have a serious question.  What happens when the current fiat becomes so 
inflated that it's essentially worthless.. but I still have my bitcoins.. 
it's a good thing right?
terescopewireman:Who are these Pro State dweebs anyway?  Talking about needing regulation so 
that the Banks embrace Bitcoin etc.  Who gives a flying F?  Isn't a primary 
point of these endeavors to blow the Banker monopolists out of the water?  
Regulation in this day and age is clearly a tool of corruption and control, 
not something to be sought after in the development of new technologies 
that might actually save our asses.  How about the guy on the panel with a 
"friend in the Secret Service that blah blah blah..."  give me frickin 
break.
BitCoins:US Dollar is looking less and less stable these days. Bitcoin on the other 
hand is quickly rising in value.
rick frici:All these people are smart and good to see people talking about something 
they know about. But Jered kenna is the smartest one in the room he.
Bitcoin Videos:i wrote an article explaining the basics of bitcoin and why it has a future 
as a world currency. I would love to hear some feedback so i can improve it 
- 
http://igmonlineloans.com/bitcoin-loans-and-the-currency-of-freedom-and-personal-liberty/
  
thx
 :free bitcoin  - http://pb8.ru/64j
nohow82:Get your bitcoins now. Start mining at cex.io/r/0/nohow82/0/
Avalon City:http://bit.ly/1g6iPIF Advertising for Bitcoin! 
Anunt Patel:is bitcoin a good buy right now at $725?
where do u see it going by end of 2014?
ProducerOM:THE BITCOIN ANTHEM........."DO THE SATOSHI!!"
BITCOIN ANTHEM Do the Satoshi - All Hail Das Bitcoin
john dam:http://www.straitstimes.com/breaking-news/asia/story/china-bars-banks-handling-bitcoins-saying-they-do-not-qualify-currency-2013

KanineAwe:http://cur.lv/5728y New Bitcoin Miner
Shane Nicholas:there  seems to be a lot of people loosing their coins.
Aleksander Kucler:
TheFinnmacool:Excellent question about the buyer situation. I'm involved in a purchase 
going sideways right now. I asked for a refund because I see no status on 
my order. I am now at the mercy of the vendor to refund my BTC.

Notice to any merchants who read this comment: FILL ORDERS QUICKLY! Even 
though people are paying in BTC it doesn't mean you share some kind of 
secret knowledge together and you can take your time fulfilling orders and 
updating your client. Very uncomfortable feeling.
Jay Shapiro:Worth so much hype and hyperbole going around the media about bitcoin these 
days, it's great to watch an informed, intelligent discussion about the 
issues and opportunities.
Much Bitcoin (Derek):

VIDEOID:AHC2yc2hX4Y
Venture Scanner:

VIDEOID:4xiSiZR2f9A
beGLOBAL  bringing seoul to the valley:

VIDEOID:Q0p6ZC3D82s
Douglas Coffman:Understanding is control, control your internet pages...

VIDEOID:RgRY3-7TkEk
solar moon:Does not work
John Anonymous:Does not work from The Netherlands.
Saba Jikhvadze:do not work :(  plz help me !
Saba Jikhvadze:do not work :( plz help me !

VIDEOID:eAI5QkLP15M
Glen Dahilan:great video
Brendan Mace:Liked this video a lot, going to watch it again later
Web Doctor:Thannks Matt. This gives me some good insights into how it's done. 
 Building sites fast is key.   

VIDEOID:I5iHBDpOHMs
Jing Xia:
Manonsilvermountain:nice intiative, but how can it serve multi users online. a live session can 
be operated by only one user. will be glad to know what I'm missing.
z2Utube:I have been waiting for such technology for such a long time. I am quite 
impressed and ambitious to see what the ramifications putting it to a 
better use 
gizmuf:Rly cool stuff, yet available?
TheSara90:is it aviable already? any restrictions for users?
D Henry:
Eud Briel:What courses will use that experiment?
Prof Jafri Abdullah:
Ion Tabirca:
muffinspuffinsEE:For science <3
Jesse Garcia:Awesome
Debbie Coultis:
and then i said:i like where this is going, i'd be eager to enroll for an Applied Physics 
degree even if it meant tuition plus 'renting' lab time and if thats ever 
possible. In the meantime i'll day dream about it because it makes me 
happy. 
Kambi Bolongo:What a wonderful idea by a great university and professor!
EricM134XGOOGLEOVERGOOGLE:Excellent Stanford University. 

VIDEOID:J2VwO2_jCBY
Houria Mohamed:the future on innovation journalism

VIDEOID:5xEwNp6wDjE
alex parshin: !    ,    
 .  .    ,   .   
  ,      5     
.
Dungeon Keeper:      2018.     
,           .
 :     ?   .    
 ,   .
bogunechka:      You Tube      
,     .      
  ,.     
,   .        
   .       
,       .
Igor Kudryashov:  !     .
Stan Ryskin:This man is very bright and talented.  , . 
21boxhead:The crook and tax evader speaks
Alex P:"businessman and political prisoner of Vladimir Putins regime"

1. A thief and a crook.
2. "Putin's regime" - what regime is that?

VIDEOID:rtufNP9tmYY
Hardcore Gaming Bros:
Drilla_ killa:It was raw instinct who messed up ifly
Cms7899:No no he's not done thats a lie sir
Bryan Montes:he's back modafukas+ internet crushed his dreams he's been working on for 
years
iFLyILLINI:I could do it though. Have you seen my naked pics? I'M FUCKING JACKED BRO!
DiamondMinecraft HD:HE'S BACK BITICHES
Charlie C:People like you make my day.
iFLyILLINI:shut the fuck up you little prick of a cunt. ill fuck you up you scruffy 
basterd.
Charlie C:Fanboyyyyyyyyyyyy.
Charlie C:He's back. 
Bacon Sauce:Lol ~ 1:51 "He's stronger than that he's not, you know, a girl" No idea how 
StealNova has become such a pussy, but if you post nudes etc, stop being 
fucking retarded and assume it wont get out because you as an individual 
want it to not. That's not how technology works, if it's readily available, 
then it's readily available, if you can't handle people finding out, don't 
do it.
SirPizzaFace:Ok hopefully Ill be able to sleep.
2291chainsaw:I don't usually advocate drug use, but I think you should probably give 
weed a try.
Gencturk92:it says the video is "private". 
SirPizzaFace:Oh... ok sorry.
DznByLogic:because you tried to be a dick
SirPizzaFace:Wait why are we fighting over me being stupid?
2000flubbabubba:I don't know i just do, it pisses me of that i see cunts posting hateful 
shit over youtube about her and there just being twats who wont let her 
R.I.P. 
The Hungry Sage:why do you defend her so much? was it because she was prettier than the 
other thousands of kids who commit suicide everyday?? i mean she did plenty 
of mistakes that people crucified her for but what did the other innocent 
kids do? idk why people relate suicidal topics to amanda todd, she did 
things that were frowned upon by society, while other kids were just 
bullied by their looks and smarts. 
WORiK:He's is back and making music

VIDEOID:oM2Ah-ahJHI
Direct Online Marketing:Why You Should Come To Grow With Google by @domjbs

VIDEOID:mDK4Ab9gjVM
Mario Rossi:
movesMmowgli:
Greg:haha, 527 views just from the MMOWGLI mailing list.

VIDEOID:yTApPJ2wY3U
NicheBuilder Website and Wordpress:

VIDEOID:7UV9GWofRAk
Conor Grogan:Come to cork boy!
Tafadzwa Tsambatare:what about beijing china
when are you coming
marilugui:Brazil, Uberlandia
Rodrigo Satch:and MExico city??
Raju Angani:I missed the meeting Dr Chuck. (:
Is there going to be one soon?

VIDEOID:DU06GvnnsNY
AirTightNetworks:

VIDEOID:kxZ-H5KTNrA

VIDEOID:2JC0wmfmcvM

VIDEOID:SEHBau3bKQ4
4c4d3m14:aiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
El Mada Facar:aguante emanero gill 
makoto hatzune:emanero el segundo grupo de rap argentino pero igual es un groso
enzo sala:que mierda t importa pelotudo 
Yan ValQui:Que tienes en la cabeza PRINCESO ? 
alan alvaisma:como puede comparar a emanero con porta" .. porta es un rap degradante ... 
4c4d3m14:entre Emanero y Porta no hay mucha diferencia eh
Mora D:Ah por que bardeaba.
Tnaigh:Parece la voz de Curric :d
Valeria Rob:jajaja mal
aluminum86:jajajajjaj me habia olvidado d esas
Somer 23:a uno no lo quieren
VERITO BUR:y jay??? donde esta??? 
Roco Hutchings:eu mal ajajajajajajajajjaja
gabriel estrada:emanero es el mejor de argentina sos un k-po bro 
Larok888888888888888:JAJA +1 tiene razn. Y por siempre RAP! 
Max Rickz:JJAJAJAJAJAJJ SE
Hache Altamirano:@RealZeeOne Luzee!! Jajaja XD Un saludo... Hache
Hache Altamirano:Exelente voz la de Jay.. muy buen tema pego Emanero..
RealZeeOne:No qeeee voz la de la chica!!! 

VIDEOID:3G8dVXSs4tg
TecnamTwin:So Beautiful! Can't wait until I can get mine.
Bruno Surez:I would prefer the Monterey Blue exterior color.
TeslaRulzz4:where's that? menlo park? is it still there?

VIDEOID:ATVpoe0Zniw
TENACER:En la Parte superior derecha, more info despliega eso. y abajo esta el link 
para descargar todo el disco(megaupload).. Rock On !!!
heavyheart66:No los conoca, pero suenan muy bien, donde puedo encontrar su disco??
batish15:Recontra bien, me baje su disko y esta muy bueno la calidad y composicion 
Sigran adelante y aver si pasan sus tokadas para verlos saludos
evolico:RAPTOR -- What a Song,Production ..Killer Video...Metal Rules......

VIDEOID:CIzDIlOG_FU

VIDEOID:Hf4gZyQYZcc
Danny Gomes:hi danny again may I know how much is it? and is it worth it to buy?
TheOldmankk:gonna over clocking ? fyi , some cheap accessories. No sure the GPIO 
Adapter Board fit well with model B+
https://www.fasttech.com/search?raspberry%20pi
TheOldmankk:Aha, buying spree. I got one of the old Raspi Model B ? tinkering for few 
days time lapse images capture and Tshark. I dunno where I chuck it now. 
Btw, VNC viewer is useful for remote access.
R Brown (4Crawler):The theme for today is miniature, tiny PC, tiny wireless adapter, tiny 
keyboard, etc.

VIDEOID:r8HzerrTOsI

VIDEOID:5TkYCT--goo
tsuni2:brill vid thanks for sharing

VIDEOID:d8BdezAuyFM

VIDEOID:0OTJvAF2AyU

VIDEOID:yZy3zj-glqA

VIDEOID:HMOL7aEFm9o
R Brown (4Crawler):Thanks for the feedback.  I'll try to put some videos together on the 
Z-Wave system as I don't see that many have been done on YouTube.  This is 
something I've had running for about 1.5 yrs. now, before I started posting 
videos.  But at the beginning, I only used it for a couple of simple tasks.
I have the Vera Lite from getvera.com plus a growing collection of modules. 
 It is quite an amazing system, especially combined with some of the apps 
you can install.  Once you have the system set up and running, so many 
projects present themselves where the Z-Wave system can be used.
 :Awesome video. Tell us more about your zwave setup and how its works. 
R Brown (4Crawler):A look at the assembled Z-Wave dual relay module. Now time to pair it up 
with the Vera-Lite Z-Wave controller.

VIDEOID:dVftoyvvo7s
John Verdon:Thanks +Peter Friedman 

Jean-Baptiste Huynh describes the making of the award winning algebra and 
geometry games DragonBox and DragonBox Elements and explain why he believes 
it is possible to dramatically increase the math proficiency among younger 
children through the use of well designed games. Huynh talks about 
mathematics didactics, game design and how he sees user interface design. 
He also speaks of the development process to create the DragonBox games.
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:CbKuHGidDaw

VIDEOID:dxzu1ZJv-X8
Rui Valente:

VIDEOID:fRlD5WQKEZY
ISKCON Silicon Valley:

VIDEOID:1HyQRR1Ei2k
multiresident1:espero que disfruten el trailer les va a gustar mucho 

VIDEOID:CIXHe96Hz8U

VIDEOID:HJmw20udNlc
EXPO QUINCEAERA NW:EXPO QUINCEAERA NW
503 432 0972
503 432 9122

VIDEOID:HXMChbSs4Sg
Frank Bartol ills:I live in mead two minutes away from a fire station mountain view
joek0617:that FD has the same model tiller as my local one.
WFDcrowbar crowbar:It's nice to see that this Fire Department is serious about respiratory 
protection. Everybody appeared to be masked up when they were supposed to 
be. Nice safe operation. Kudos to the Mountain View FD.

VIDEOID:NZ45zXIvA0c
Claudio Room:jajajaaa claro pzzz!!!!! somos lo maximo!!!!! es verdad los q quieran 
entrar al grupo, nosotros ensayamos en el chamo chumbi de magdalena, los 
martes y jueves de 7 a 9 p.m. bn Vice Sly xD... la cagaa loco xDxDxD!!!
ViceSly:jajaja c ps.. xD y los q kieran entrar al grupo tamos en el chamochumbi de 
magdalenaaaaaaaa.. no vallan xD
ViceSly:jajaja eso si es un chongazo :D xD ojala pongan el video del ncurso pa 
cagarnos mas de la risa jaja jijij

VIDEOID:wtMwRcVNEcI

VIDEOID:GuETtlPNSJs
Beetardthepwninator:Really inspring!  If no one else has noticed, what a shame!  Would you have 
any interest in making a lesson video for this song?

VIDEOID:VjuFH0t3oW0
Giampiere Parimango:jijipilin rra

VIDEOID:0mMcYKfWI3s

VIDEOID:vptzmlBKvhU
Daniel Steven Machado Salinas:los que critican a los que ven naruto de malas. es nuestro problema y si no 
le gusto de malas. .|.
Nadia Valle:No va con naruto va con dragon ball
Nadia Valle:Malditos putos hijos de mierda
konan hinata uzumaki (sakura akashiya haruno):
diana patricia pearete mosquera:La mejor cancin 
Glenn Peraza:Minuto 4:10 XD

Farid Stiven:
Edith Ramrez:Estas cansiones del mago de Oz me gustan mucho por que ablan dela livertad 
y le ban mucho con naruto ya que tanbien me gusta mucho a un que tanbien lo 
deberian con raruto
mauricio britez:Buena msica y esos
Odn


Soru Uchiha:Jaja al final deidara itachi y kisame me mataron de risa con su baile
marcos fuentes:como que no va tanto el video con la cancion
Tenochtli de la Cruz Charles:que miedo da gaara xD
rafael sotovillalobos:Sean dado cuenta el tono dela cansion valora lo que tienes de mago de oz es 
exatamente el mismo que el de naruto en algunos capitulos
rafael sotovillalobos:Naruto u mago de oz la mejor convinacion amo a naruto el mejor animr
Diana Lieztte Abril Montes:
Manu Quintero:Q vacana
XAVIER VALLE:chingas a tu puta madrecon las dos manos multiplicado x 10 a la 9 potencia 
Edgard riao respeta el trabajo de los demas culero. jajajajaja chinga tu 
madre
Rodrigo Gonalves:muito bom o vdeo e a musica !
jose revuelta cabezudo:vaya par de cojonessssss CHUSSSSSSSS
ivan lara:que clasico

VIDEOID:gBtVngpBB8w

VIDEOID:2teM9ZB6L2g
aLanZiiiToO:oye amigo roberto esta muy padre esta rolita es de las mejores ke les he 
escuchado a los primos de durango !! me gusta mucho la letra xD mis 
felicitaciones para ti amigo muy padre thu video felicidades !! krees ke me 
podrias pasar unos tips para realizar unos videos komo los ke thu aces ?? 
te lo agradeceria mucho bueno pues te dejo mi msn espero ke me agregues y 
ke podamoz hablar zale de nuevo felicidades !! muy bueno thu video kuidate 
adios !! att:alanziitoo pekoriitoo viip xD..

VIDEOID:Z1E5U0aAWLw
ccrmalite1:that's all folks! thanks for coming!
Thomas Rossing:Audio and video are fine.
Tim Thompson:Such a great way to be able to experience things remotely. Thanks for 
manipulating the camera!
ccrmalite1:there's a program listing in the video description
ccrmalite1:thanks, tim!
Tim Thompson:Ooops, I mean see/hear fine.
Tim Thompson:I can see/here fine.
ccrmalite1:Is the audio/video ok?
Victoria Flores:sweet!
ccrmalite1:Thanks for coming! We'll be starting in a few minutes
ccrmalite1:Hi Folks - welcome to SLOrktastic Chamber Music!\

VIDEOID:h5RqYotnlaE
Michel Castonguay:Amazing video. This is why we need to go to space.
Patrick Boeuf:Mind opening ! Many thanks.
G.G. M.B.:very intersting...thanks for the video, keep up the good job!
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:CQZgSu6WzUI

VIDEOID:3PKNJvVH22s
alex michael mantilla cruz:chupamela ya 
Gilberto rodriguez Cardenas (Pariente):

VIDEOID:efFi2TaQZNk

VIDEOID:HwPwfv7SGog

VIDEOID:v1iEmJC84p8

VIDEOID:NFIAcpM4eo0
Warter Fish:   ,    ) ,      
, ,        .     
 
 :, -   .       
.
katti scarlett:  .    - ,  ? 
/?  ,  ? 
Lviv Times:    ) 
Delfinchik: . !
Anton Maslovich:  ! 
Alexp Pol:       .   .
SiliconValleyVoice:  , . 23    - 1

VIDEOID:aMWg29jsYUo

VIDEOID:vuQNNkM-x6k

VIDEOID:9jCPU7nQGSU
Ana Smiljic:oh gott singt der live scheie und ja ich versteh die serbische sprache und 
liebe seine lieder nur halt kann ich sie nicht sprechen

VIDEOID:nVdPz5bAtCs

VIDEOID:plUlsb1aH4c
Hugo Noriega:Bien drogados y pedos hasta la chingada!!!
Alex Vega:hertmoso video

VIDEOID:5-Kc1iZbQUQ
112358dave:Nice video, good sound.
I was there, place was on fire during this jam. Thx for posting!
Kyle Pruim:Great audio.  Thanks!
danogzilla:Great vid man. Crazy show. Need that Twist!

VIDEOID:3u7_xoxJyMk

VIDEOID:e2LjnueLxpo
Rosario galarza:
Mariaa Quintanilla:100%calentana
jj4694:aaa viejito cocho!!!! que tal le pone a la mota jajaja y arriba zirandaro 
guerrero
jj4694:aaa viejito cocho!!!! que tal le pone a la mota jajaja 
2010esthertovar:arriba el salitre guerreo mi mama es de hai se llama Araceli Borja 
Mederos..ariba salitre cochos.....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Luis Chavez:jajajaja saludos a mi suegra Noel jejeje
irene13aleman:orale ... Yo Soy De El Salitre

VIDEOID:hm1Fyiq_Omw
kuija jimenez:ojala tengan mas videos para la otra
sweetheartmari:esta chida esta cancion

VIDEOID:66aHAa-7-z0

VIDEOID:25WqYO-TmC8

VIDEOID:wJaoEt48trg
Alexandra Prez Snchez:Como lwepuedes hacer eso a un pobre perro no te metas con los perros si 
quieres metete conmigo mamarracho
Alexandra Prez Snchez:Como lwepuedes hacer eso a un pobre perro no te metas con los perros si 
quieres metete conmigo mamarracho
Miguel Alejandro Monjaras:Maje sos estupido asemelo a mi pues a ver qien va a decir gane
andres osorio:gordo de mierda en vez de hacer un dao para esta sociedad has algo util 
imbecil se nota que te falta cario huerfano de mierda
Leonardo Ruiz:hijo de puta negro veni y hacemelo a mi puto te defiguro la chota puto 
cagon con un perrito te metes
AstuteMoney502:Hijo de puta ten cojones de hacermelo ha mi que te parto la pita boca
Llusmey Segovia:Pareces en mono al final chunga tu madre
Eduardo Segura:jajaja yo igual juego asi con mi perro ^^
 :Kenny basura basura jjaja
 :Oe chingatuputamadre metete coigo pee yo si te reviento a putazos ...te 
rompo un brazo mejor giliputa .....
Alex somarriba:Hijo de puta hazlo con migo a ver s me rompes la mano imbcil te agarro a 
putasos pelotudo 
Abraham Adkins:oe jajajaajaaj no puedo dejar de ver ese video ajajhajaja son malos 
Sonny Gamer:eres idiota metete con migo yo te rompo el brazo gil 
Ares HD:eres gilipollas?????
hector manuel sanchez rangel:Wee chinga tu puta madre abusivo

VIDEOID:xifjjaJRruk

VIDEOID:1061osd0G_U

VIDEOID:V6BDjOfGgYA
Tommy Scott:
TKSnatch:After some of the things you listed there is no way you are an "expert". 

VIDEOID:xxwz5E1hlyE

VIDEOID:fwBsaWQDscs

VIDEOID:YpF_4uciMvg
Rene Mejia:This is awesome! yet it seems that we also need to update the database with 
the new 'image' atribute, is that so?
Kinh Bang Nguyen:I couldn't make it work 

VIDEOID:0iO3s9rjZ8g
Greg Helton:A video of two guys talking to a laptop.

VIDEOID:TLFFNjpj8cM

VIDEOID:L121Wz__DV0
techspringboard:After a full day of single person tech presentations it was a breath of 
fresh air. I liked their back and forth conversation. And you could tell 
that they did some preparation.
money:very boring presentation...more like a game, I think a one man / lady 
presentation is better

VIDEOID:N8-tIaBVdOI
Rick Hdz:Do you have a git repo of all that ??

VIDEOID:_VmxCE_EG_s
Calvin Maighan:I'm so glad I found this talk!
Alex Showtime:Amazing talk.
Alex Showtime:Cette vido est juste mortelle !
Jonathan Smiley, de l'quipe Zurb parle du framework #foundation.
Au programme : l'avenir mobile, le dveloppement en quipe, conventions, 
guides de style, les outils du futur, etc ...
Nir Benita:Asked a short question over Twitter about Foundation, received an answer 
within minutes! These guys are doing it right!
arthillsart:28:56 Coded Style Guide! That's genius! This will be a great way to up-sale 
your corporate clients. 
Nikolai Aleksandrenko:One of the best i have ever seen. Good job. I'm a fan :) 
theherk:What a great talk. I'm glad I found it.

VIDEOID:rf2jVD202uM

VIDEOID:mtBVULcqNYg

VIDEOID:BNpV7npURhE
Haorui Li:
rs459:WTF ? Each time your video quality sucks...
Lee Owen:Turn off your audible notifications guys...
Matt Johansen:What an awesome presentation about Continuous Integration and how AngularJS 
uses AngularJS to build +AngularJS 
Mo Yi:Found the reason, that is, because my script is batch file, equal sign is 
not allowed in batch file as arguments.
Mo Yi:Very nice! but when I was trying to use simple script name instead of 
browser name in --browsers parameter, browser is launched but no test 
running, in the browser's url bar, shows 'localhost:9876/__testacular/?id' 
, seems '=xxxxxxx' is missing for script launched browser, who can tell me 
why?
Richard Scholey:I understand you have camera problems but the quality of all the Angular 
videos when it shows the screen shots is very poor indeed. The quality is 
more like I used to watch back in 2005 :-( Not something I'd expect from 
Google in 2013. 
angularjs:Closed captions are available on the CI Server talk video now.
Frdric Sicre:
Patrick Dahms:Sehr beeindruckend, wie das AngularJS team ihre sourcen testen.
Jean Nascimento:
Thierry LAU:*Video from the CI Server Livestream is posted*
If you missed the livestream of +Igor Minar's talk from the AngularJS-MTV 
meetup last night, you can watch the video on YouTube now.
A few links from the talk:
 Igor's slides: http://goo.gl/clXqh
 Download the CI server scripts:  
https://github.com/angular/ci.angularjs.org 
 Cloudbees ClickStart service (requires free signup): http://goo.gl/ssNQr
Brad Green:This was fun and we had an amazing turnout. Thanks to all who came!
Thomas Amsler:
Lukas Ruebbelke:You had me at &#39;CI&#39;
Zane A:Here is the current development solution for Google's CI-Server for 
developing AngularJS.   Jenkins, Testacular and Jasmine.
Zane A:Great discussion, thanks for the info!
Ioannis Nikolaou:*Video from the CI Server Livestream is posted*
If you missed the livestream of +Igor Minar's talk from the AngularJS-MTV 
meetup last night, you can watch the video on YouTube now.
A few links from the talk:
 Igor's slides: http://goo.gl/clXqh
 Download the CI server scripts:  
https://github.com/angular/ci.angularjs.org 
 Cloudbees ClickStart service (requires free signup): http://goo.gl/ssNQr
Alois Glomann:*Video from the CI Server Livestream is posted*
If you missed the livestream of +Igor Minar's talk from the AngularJS-MTV 
meetup last night, you can watch the video on YouTube now.
A few links from the talk:
 Igor's slides: http://goo.gl/clXqh
 Download the CI server scripts:  
https://github.com/angular/ci.angularjs.org 
 Cloudbees ClickStart service (requires free signup): http://goo.gl/ssNQr
Jean-Philippe PANIS:*Video from the CI Server Livestream is posted*
If you missed the livestream of +Igor Minar's talk from the AngularJS-MTV 
meetup last night, you can watch the video on YouTube now.
A few links from the talk:
 Igor's slides: http://goo.gl/clXqh
 Download the CI server scripts:  
https://github.com/angular/ci.angularjs.org 
 Cloudbees ClickStart service (requires free signup): http://goo.gl/ssNQr

VIDEOID:mHVJF9VaWfo
Andy Anderson:I find it interesting that Apple took a fall with Newton, anyone who 
studied gravity should have seen that coming.
Donegal Directory:Basic business management should be taught throughout schools at all levels.
George S.:I am in the process of incorporating my startup and have no formal business 
education. I certainly have the idea, drive and desire, so hopefully it 
works for me!
SoaringEagleFreedom:Business School (and an MBA) can deliver a great foundation, but the real 
entrepreneurial spirit can be developed in anyone with an idea, drive and 
desire, regardless of formal education. Life is the best teacher. Learn 
from successes. Learn from mistakes. But mostly LEARN more to EARN MORE. 
You can never succeed if you don't START and TRY! 
KLKMedia:The only limits are the ones you put on yourself, I left school at 16 with 
no GCSE's into a cleaners job, then became a sales person. After a while 
they wouldnt upgrade me to a manager and I realized i had been typecast so 
I began to network on my own. 2 month's later I had made a connection on 
LinkedIn and was working at a new job where I make alot more money and 
within the next 2 years I will be creating my own business with capital of 
friends I have made through this job, you are lazy.excuses
god only knows:The panel are typicaly american. There idea of how to sell is nice and 
fluffy. There say to get sales experience just go and do such and such. The 
panel dont seem to realise that you get quickly type cast into sales and 
therefor never get out and management in the uk dont see you as managerial 
material if you have done sales before. The panel have largly jumped in at 
the top of the management ladder and have no idea of us at the bottom 
trying to work up and get skills and contacts doing it.
EngineeringFun:The sequoia guy should stop producing noise and listen more to the three 
real entreprenurs.
roofrestorationmelb:$13 mil on a $1500 investment...yeh pretty much boss right there
ligitpoker:I need to contact Mike Cassidy with my startup idea!!!
aerton1:Is it me, but it feels like those start-ups are just a way to rip stock 
market "investors"? Looks like only the woman in the middle has an actual 
business that serves people and generates revenues, everybody else is in it 
for a gamble. Shouldn't BSchools be ashamed of it? Or feel that something 
is odd here?...
onemindtrip:What they don't teach you in business school about entrepreneurship? 
Entrepreneurs shouldn't go to college for a degree. That's what they don't 
teach you.
itakeyouthere:My sister is studying business.. I think I'll point this out to her
annuitycom:It seems like a lot of business school folks end up working for 
corporations instead of spiking out and starting their own companies... at 
least that's what I've seen.
a DIY Car Guy:A personal finance class should be required for any non-business majors. 
Colleges don't teach how to balance a checkbook because that is an 
antiquated thing best left to high school education. 
james ruf:What is Mike's last name? He has totally inspired me. Thanks Mike! 
Shahab Ahmad ROHIN:Great lecture and it really does not matter from which field you are coming 
to become Entrepreneur plus you have to start from somewhere sitting at 
home and thinking that what if i loss mean you have loos take the action 
and go for it......
Karim Jahangir:Interesting. I think it's so true what they're saying about the importance 
of sales! To this day, sales is underestimated by business schools. Whether 
you're going to be an accountant, marketer, etc. You should be an effective 
salesperson! 

VIDEOID:OQzq0ESfucA
DrsGrinch:So what was the big announcement? I watched the Google IO videos that 
pertained to Google TV and nothing really seemed to be a game changer? Was 
I expecting too much?
GDG Paris Android User Group:Google TV Developers office hours Nov.28.2012 Google TV Developers office 
hours Nov.28.2012

VIDEOID:aurOB4qYuFM
Krzysztof Kozowski:to skip introductions and comments go to 3:10
Mageshwar Medak:
Bay Piggies:

VIDEOID:sc2z15jWYIY
VilleVallaton:
Jose Pita:Song name/link?
BitbarChannel:

VIDEOID:8uZv0f5G3hM
Mike Finney:59:02 into it is where they begin talking about attributed strings.
Lorenzo Franceschini:Hi, when I try to do the same thing in Xcode at about 14:10 the compiler 
didn't give me a warning but it give me an error !!! I can do "Vehicle *v = 
s"  but I get an error if I do "[v shoot]". I can do with id v = s and then 
[v shoot]. Why this? It's a slide error?
shane chan:21:48 bookmark #whenitrainsitpours  
Sergio Aguinaga:I was hoping this lecture would clear up a concept I'm not able to wrap my 
head around, hopefully someone here can answer. In the previous lecture, 
specifically the homework, Card *randomCard = [self.deck drawRandomCard]; 
draws a random card. However, Card class does not implement the contents 
method, it simply declares it in the interface. PlayingCard, the child 
class (inherited class) does implement this method. Why can we say 
randomCard.contents and call the method implemented by the child class from 
the parent class object. I thought that wasn't allowed. A parent class 
object should not be able to call the child class method unless we imply 
polymorphism, in which case it hasn't even been mentioned.
Vasilii Ponteleev:
Kirderf G:I don't understand how vehicle is able to shot ? It dosen't have that 
method in its class, only ship have it, and ship inherence from vehicle. 
And when we say v = s , v is still a vehicle but points to a ship witch is 
a vehicle, correct me if I'm wrong,   at 14:00

VIDEOID:q0cYqCMn7qg
findTENTgrepC:asterISK not asterIX.... ahhh, that was driving me crazy. Great tutorial 
though
Alisa A:I love this!
Odd Nydren:Great stuff...refreshing to see this with the mindset of being creative vs 
being purist...please...do more!! :D
Javier Abanses:Great tutorial,  AND funny too.
Francisco Munster:Great video it is very useful and very funny to thanks. 
Chinmay Gangakhedkar:we go.. C plussers and JAVAd's must understand////
Chinmay Gangakhedkar:Thank's Brother ... you helped ..>'<..
Matthias hidekin Brunisholz:
Todd Anderson:Highly-recommended, especially if you are looking for cultural analogies 
between Java and C++!

VIDEOID:22pE1IP-yoY
mohamad salloum:
Naoto Hc (ntaoo):
Haning Puspita (haning64bit):mainan baruuuu. . .
Maksim Muruev:Can it produces binary code? I mean not slow JS but machine instructions.
GDG Kyoto:Learn how to build, unit test, browser test, and continually test a URL 
shortener built with Dart. +Brad Rydzewski and Matt Norris walk you through 
their favorite Dart power tools.

Thanks to +GDG Silicon Valley for hosting and recording.

#dartlang  
Matt Norris:Watch<span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/115357899258848671407" oid="115357899258848671407">Brad Rydzewski</a></span>and I speak about <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/109866369054280216564" oid="109866369054280216564">Dart</a></span>, its features, and using continuous integration to automatically test and deploy.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23dartlang">#dartlang</a>  <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23continuousintegration">#continuousintegration</a> 
Claudio d'Angelis:
Google Developers:Watch this talk on <span class="proflinkWrapper"><span class="proflinkPrefix">+</span><a class="proflink" href="https://plus.google.com/109866369054280216564" oid="109866369054280216564">Dart</a></span>power tools.<br /><br /> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23dartlang">#dartlang</a>  <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23developers">#developers</a> 
Reinaldo Aguilera:Darterizate
Nadine Sahanee Banana Ora:
Thomas Fiedler:Nice talk, I like the part around 10.30 about unit testing with Dart...
DartlangTV: #dartlang  Power Tools with Brad Rydzewski and Matt Norris.
KISAKA KT Toshihiro:

VIDEOID:kRzzl-GGQCI

VIDEOID:tlJSFZxL4cc
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:Lists of Real Estate Crowdfunding Platforms In the USA . CrowdFund Beat 
http://ow.ly/IMWp0
Philip Chen (CrowdFundBeat):2015 CrowdFunding World Tour Conference & Expo For speaking and sponsorship 
inquiries please contact: Info@crowdfundingusa.com 1 888 580 6610 Silicon 
Valley Crowdfund Ventures http://ow.ly/El9Vy
VerifyInvestor.com:Here is an informative video about the influence that #crowdfunding is 
having on the #realestate market: CrowdFunding Beat .com
Sydney Armani: <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23crowdfunding">#crowdfunding</a>   <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23crowdfundingusa">#crowdfundingusa</a>  <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23realestate">#realestate</a> 
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:Crowdfundings Next Hot Frontier: Real Estate
CrowdFunding News Beat & Conference:

VIDEOID:5jX7llLI_gE
Testdroid:Check out this video of using Appium to develop and test on Android 
Wearables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jX7llLI_gE

VIDEOID:geku54W6Edk
Christian Rankin:If he says "uhhhh" or "ahhhh" one more time I'm gonna freak...  Teenage 
girls don't even use that many "spacing/filler words".

VIDEOID:kDhBRe1-pbw
Nina buka: , !
Alex Korotich:  - !       Google ;)
buriknik:  ...    ..     ....
buriknik:          
!           
.    ?
veralada:    .     .     
10    3 ,       3   1 
.   , .    ,   ...
veralada:         ,   
.            .    
   5         
.
 :    ( 100  )  10      
  ,           
    .
MrPreishen:   ,      ?)))
seoredactor:,          "",   
 ,          
,       ,  ,    
   .      
,    .
RUSLANHIKMET RUSTAMLI:Da,Vi pravi..
Serg Ltd:
Dmitriy Bespalov:    ,  . :)
FDog16:           ,   
     .
 :       ( ).    
 ,       ,     
   ,          
 ,          ,    
 . 
Dmitriy Bespalov:   .          , 
 10-20  ( ,     ).  
,    5-10     .  
     .    
  .    .   ,    
  .       .
Andry Tor:      
Andry Tor:100%  ,      
volt8511:             
   
SiliconValleyVoice:

VIDEOID:ihOWISAfROg

VIDEOID:ee3Ecw8rl1Y
Steve Da Internet:Rebuilding DoubleClick with AngularJS (AngularJS MTV Meetup 2012-08-14)

VIDEOID:WqmeI5fZcho
Snehasish Ghosh:I wish the resolution was good,!!!! can't understand anything
:I'm almost crazy,so what the hell does the word "clobber" mean in this 
video?
ps:Forgive me that i'm not a native.hope for answer
Randy Stimpson:Misko we don't need to see you. We only need to hear you. This way we could 
view everything else with better clarity, Get video otherwise.
barryman9000:I use Angular and Knockout, and I really like them both... but I don't 
consider KO a framework - it's basically a two way data binding library 
with a template engine so you can't really compare the two. As for the idea 
that the vocabulary of KO is fixed and "if the authors of KO didn't put it 
in there, you can't have it" I'd recommending checking out custom binding 
handlers.
Sanjay Bahal:The screen/code is not at all readable - what a waste.
Chou Sokcheng:i use both angularjs and knockoutjs. there are pros & cons of the two 
frameworks. Angularjs has too many directives  whereas knockoutjs has only 
one directive-equivalent attribute they called it data-bind. In my opinion, 
it's easier and simpler to have just one attribute that can bind data or do 
things the same way as those many directives in the angularjs, it also 
doesn't pollute the html. Another thing is that how are you going to use 
event delegation in hundreds, if not thousands, of list items with the 
angular directives like ng-click, ng-dblclick, etc without degrading the 
performance? btw, just as angularjs allows you to extend the directives, 
knockoutjs also has custom binding too.
Benjamin Maggi:transclusion topic starts at: 45:00 (this is probably the most accurate 
explication of what transcluded scopes are that I've ever found !!!)
Ahmad Mokhtar Mahjoub:Such a brilliant Programming Language 
Maltsev Kostyantyn:I've noticed, that you are using DVORAK keyboard layout. Do you have any 
problems using WebStorm (based on IntelliJ) and DVORAK? I had problem with 
DVORAK-QWERTY, when I tried to use CMD button to switch between layouts.
Adam Waselnuk:This was worth watching after reading the docs and writing a couple of 
custom directives. Solidified some concepts and provided a few 'ah-ha!' 
moments!
Mr Juitman:At around 10:55 ish he says he assumes that we're not angular beginners but 
I came to this channel expecting comprehensive tutorials and that comment 
just made me concerned about the complexity of the rest of the video 
implying that he'll be using a lot more references that only already 
Angular users will not need explanations for that I will need. Is there a 
video on this channel that IS for Angular beginners or is this as 
comprehensive as it gets?
goman570:you kind of sound like james woods at times, I like it
yoscbd:too bad video is in such a poor quality, you can barely see the code, the 
sound/audio is also bad, u can't here the questions being ask :(
Suk Khoi:what is the tool using for development
Said Aksakal:Can you upload videos as HD quality? Our eyes hurt :) Thank You
Nicolas Xu:I am lost for half of his talk....
Richard Pap:the quality of the video is terrible.... :(
Derrick Roccka: #angularjs #js #frontend #javascript #javascriptframeworks  
Brian Vanderbusch:a few things, less than 2 minutes in.  I don't need to see the presenter, 
if it's going to make the code impossible to read.  Dojo has had 
"directives" in the sense you use them, for like 7 or 8 years.  Knockout 
has custom bindings.  

AngularJS is awesome, but thinking you're the only product on the market 
and claiming you're the only product on the market are different things. 
 If I didn't know any better, I would have not watched past the first 2 
minutes where you shot your credibility all to pieces.  
Maor Frankel:knockout is by no means fixed. knockout has custom bindings which allow you 
to extend the DOM

VIDEOID:ejLmwiSDtCQ

VIDEOID:ZhfUv0spHCY
garima indurkhya:Some deep basic insights!
Anis NOUIRA:Great video ! Definitly worth watching !
Could anyone tell if all these best practices are still relevant and valid 
today with  Angular 1.4 and all the tools that came these last 3 years? 
Thanks.
Deepak Sisodiya:helpful for me...good video
Trcio Zemel:Apresentao sobre boas prticas com Angular por nada mais, nada menos, 
que Miko Hevery!
 :
Joe Badmus:Really helpful...
Harpreet Singh Sahota:Really Helpful...
Harpreet Singh Sahota:Really helpful...
shweta purushe:
Robert Urbaski:Best Practices w AngularJs referowany przez samego twrc 
Mengxi Wei:seeking for a more efficient usage of angular.js .  LeiMing recommends it .
Dan Mindru:The actual presentation length is 40 minutes, don't be discouraged by the 
total time. It's a very, very good presentation and the information in it 
is still valid today.
Zach Mccain:Still waiting for lazy-loading...
Paul Kersey:Wonder how technical the technical program manager is, or was she a BA that 
became a PM like all over IT. 
adisurd:Thanks for the video. Really nice!
Alina Basova:I re-watched this video three times by now. If you work with #angular , 
that will be very helpful for you.

#codingisfun  
Eduardo in Norway:Love this video, like 2 years old, but even my grandma would understand 
Angular from him.
Adonique Pineda:AngularJS MTV Meetup: Best Practices (2012/12/11)
Hem Singh:Father of Angular Awesome Comment ;-)
Greg Wang (di):

VIDEOID:vwUNUvWQ6vs

VIDEOID:6QQAzhwalPI
Uros Perisic:Nice!
If you're beginnig iphone game development you should google  Grathaw app 
profit expert. It's great!
Talal Bin Ghizal Qureshi:

VIDEOID:D_5xAB4cvIw
Vasilii Ponteleev:

VIDEOID:OjJ7XgWd9mQ
Ankan Adhikari:Wow. Thanks Brent, didn't expect a tutorial so fast! Glad I found you :D 
I'll implement in tonight and let you know soon with questions. Since 
you're a passionate teacher, I would love for you to do live streams with 
your web cam and IDE. Check out livecoding.tv (its basically a twitch for 
coders).

Hope you become a famous code streamer :)
My team is going to subscribe to your stream the moment you are live. 
Cheers!

VIDEOID:tektLGIxKtk

VIDEOID:Gh3-oQ_qZAg

VIDEOID:i3ZJ6F8ru4g
Laura Czajkowski:#Couchbase: The Future of #Mobile http://youtu.be/i3ZJ6F8ru4g #nosql 
#database

VIDEOID:Q01tZrQ6bfU
Alex Dane:Very cool. I've been a bit skeptical about moving forward into Win8 
development, but hearing about using web tools to make the apps is drawing 
me in. Checking on MSDN to find out more, now. 

VIDEOID:7G9Cb6sCjL8

VIDEOID:WKJGX7fVJOQ
Cathay Bi:My friend +Kevin Ngo showed me this video that he made of his son playing 
Windy Day on Moto X. Totally missed this when it was first posted around 
Halloween this year. +Marvin Chow has Polaire played this on your Moto X 
yet? :-)
Motorola Colombia:Miren a el pequeo SuperMan interactuando con el #SpotLight del #MotoX
Superman vs. Windy Day
Bill Mattheis:Lol love it
Christian Herrera:gotta do this with Hiro
Erik Freeman:Great idea.
Cesar Oliver:A little bit of Moto magic 
Giri dharan:Great video of a kid playing with Windy Day on #MotoX  

http://youtu.be/WKJGX7fVJOQ
Attila Vass:Windy Day ... Nur bei Motorola Moto X :-)
:MOTO X
Ashraf Taha:i cannot play video on youtube
Ernesto Estrada:Super cool commercial!

Motorola and Google are doing some wonderful things with this new 
phone...keep it up!!
david Arreaza Moreno:A little bit of Moto magic 
Eugene Lee:I wish when I was that young I had a tee shirt like that! Oh, and the Moto X bit is cool too.
Rafael Barreto:Muito legal! estou ansioso pelo prximo vdeo. Parabns motorola!
Gary Good:A little bit of Moto magic 
David Hartman:Lovely. What's the soundtrack?
Joe Wu:could be a good commercial #ft
Eduardo Bortoluzzi Junior:Coisas que s a Motorola/Google oferece... :-) 
CYBER DESIGN PROFFESIONAL TRAINING INSTITUTE:A little bit of Moto magic 
Cyber Design Professional Training Institute:A little bit of Moto magic 

VIDEOID:4yp4-obtKE8

VIDEOID:yGb4Wpbqn2A
Dah Dah:Car for kid movie 
timothy bob:
Leo Pijnacker:Take a look at this video on YouTube:Jesse
Bernie Brennan:Check out this video on YouTube:
Patrick Thomas:
Tanya Kashkish:
Jason Ward:Zh.ckkn
Shailaja Gumber:Check out this video on YouTube:
Cecile Spence:Batmoblie

Jeremy Cardell: 
Amanda Lofton:Check out this video on YouTube:
Hillary Damon:Batman which Imaginext Batmobile - Robin vs Joker: 
https://youtu.be/yGb4Wpbqn2A
linda smallwoods:
Mirwais Achekzai:
Eloiza Gomes 041253:Batman which Imaginext Batmobile - Robin vs Joker: 
https://youtu.be/yGb4Wpbqn2A
expressanika:Check out this video on YouTube:
 :Batman which Imaginext Batmobile - Robin vs Joker: 
https://youtu.be/yGb4Wpbqn2A
Nancy Drinkwater:Check out this video on YouTube:
Brian Power:Take a look at this video on YouTube:crape ads
Rahera Mako:Take a look at this video on YouTube:

VIDEOID:pSuXtNJZCo8

VIDEOID:QrOyXF8KBgI
John Lewis:2:12 no more video!

VIDEOID:0Y95t8bAIeo
Daniel Roldan:Erica Durance la mejor Lois Lane de todos los tiempos
anya katindig:ERICA DURANCE will always be my LOIS LANE. ^-^
Jarrel Crowder:I feel that it's very funny that they mention all of the actresses except 
for Kate Bosworth. Dang! ppl hated that one
Lelanka:Erica <3 Best Lois, but I like them all. :)
Patrick Bateman:Terri Hatcher is my favotite
Daniel Roldan:Que guapa es Erica Durance
Daniel Roldan:Erica Durance siempre seguira siendo Lois Lane
Marcya Oliveira:Oh my good you is famosys ?

Romi Diaz:Adoro a Lois!!! Teri y Erica son mis favoritas...
02chevyguy:I was also surprised not to see Phyllis in this. I grew up watching "The 
Adventures Of Superman", so of course my favorite would be Noel. 
gargouenzene:i adore Lois Lane ! for me, in movies and t.v. series my favorite is Margot 
Kidder Dana Delany is the best in cartoons.
gargouenzene:no wonder you lose your mind after her death in STAS and in injustice video 
game. i adore you together. you're so damn cute. 
avery celestino:i like teri hatcher & erica durance as lois lane both beautiful, sexy, hot 
& smart as well as funny!
mistakenidentity09 .:Season 2 Episode 3 but that's not Lois xD The girl in 0:20 is just an 
extra. LOL!
mistakenidentity09 .:What do you think Amy Adams' Lois? xD
rewster7:Erica Durance is the best
Blank Mantis:Erica all day everyday hell i think her version is better than the comic 
version
TheMi789:Erica Durance, sempre vai ser a melhor Lois Lane!!!! 
Lola Cherry Cola:Erica Durance is the best of them all without a doubt. She is funny, hot as 
hell and adorable
Clark Kent:Lois <3

VIDEOID:ANOsGM6SqPM

VIDEOID:JGVkRd-HJQ0

VIDEOID:HJtEaL9_ZsY
Mrridermaster:no Im from Slovak Republic
transformerlee01:nice ending, and one question, arent you from czech republic ? :D nice vid
Mrridermaster:@TC53227 thanks 

VIDEOID:tHbAA6nzmyE
Julia Wetzel Line Dance:Add a message to your video

VIDEOID:6g4yFTf5W8A
Mauro Edmundo Alvarez Lugo:Exelente video me facino como pusiste las exenas de acuerdo ala cancio 
saludos 

VIDEOID:bA9hIsaL9PU
UBI SoltGames:

VIDEOID:jRmT-T7h16U
Tony Leonard:Thanks J.D.  I liked your presentation and will definitely use your seven 
habits.
rali4850:55:10 ....i fell of the grain truck.... lol

VIDEOID:z1j3CB7OUE0

VIDEOID:vK5EmMIx7Xc

VIDEOID:ZE9tdLwd7B4
Kerry Flynn:How could she be in charge of an entire district, when she wasn't even a 
principal. Im glad she got fired. 
Stephanie Johnson:Michelle Rhee should be under indictment for aiding and abetting a major 
cheating scandal she oversaw and then helped cover-up, after her crony 
political appointment, as a non-educator running the Washington D.C. 
schools. When Rhee took over the DC schools, they were the very worst in 
the country. But, after Rhee, they became even worse, by every single 
measure. Others have gone to prison for much less. But Rhee is protected by 
a cadre of the very wealthy and influential. She's their pawn.
NYU :In order to make school system works, teachers' qualification is so 
important as the Michelle Rhee. Based on the data from New York Times, 
teachers like South Korea, Finland are drawn from the top third of colleges 
in their nations. On the other hand teachers are from the bottom 60 percent 
of the colleges in the U.S. Also, make teaching job respectful and cool.
everymusicmatters:Be ok with not being liked.
nancyn71:Michelle you are so right. now if only my people would get on board maybe 
this long term of low graduation rates in my culture will take a turn for 
the positive.
MrSpringooo:I think you've got a point,and I think that pop-culture and TV contents is 
ruining our blossoming generations, the level of recklessness is alarming. 
But on the other hand as Ms. Rhee stated that she can't control this social 
factors like poverty and derivatives & I can see where she's coming from, 
she's basically saying that pushing teachers and staffers to step up to 
this challenge and figuring out that way to ignite these children 
determination and their attention back to class rooms!!! 
Janet Wood:When a criminal gets arrested, does the arresting officer go to jail? When 
a patient gets sick, does the doctor take the medicine? When an illegal 
alien gets caught, does the border patrol get deported? STOP BLAMING 
TEACHERS! Let's focus on the lazy, irresponsible students who refuse to 
study or do their homework.
Stephen Castellari:@37:15 "after the [standardized] test is over, learning stops" Great 
discussion starters highlighted for education reform like politics, 
funding, and standardized testing. $9500 spent per kid per year in public 
school with 30% going to unfunded pensions. I'd like to learn more about 
the impact of StudentsFirst,org on education reform.
YODspica:Great Presentation
watcbd:Im so glad Stanford Business school uploaded this. <3 Michelle Rhee.

VIDEOID:ieoV82PnCQU

VIDEOID:BYk1TFftRPc

VIDEOID:2TdktVusXpU
desgrav:Wow, really long "break" right? :]
IIReII:yeah its me. I am E.R.
desgrav:Some people think that you are E.R. O_O Please clear this up.
IIReII:Slipknot - Left behind

VIDEOID:fxikgEac-cU
Captain BREUSS:   -. -        .   
 .  24 .         . 
             
.    800 . (  ) +/- 300 . 
   .   .      
 2-3... .      ,    
,    .  .  . .   
 "- ".   .       
    ,      ,   
  .        
,   . ,    .  , 
     .       ...  
     .       .  
.  ,       .  
     "".      "" 
 .           ,   
   .
 :
Marina Greece Nechaeva:
 :       (  )
http://youtu.be/9PK-netuhHA
Alexp Pol:     ?   ?    ? 
   ?     ,  ?
  ,      .      ...
Ina Bartuley:Simply very good explanation !!!
Andrey8587:        ,     
    ,     -   
  ,        ,  
      1000 ,     
1000$,      ,   ,   
 ,           
 200 000- 300 000$.
anatol popadiuc:    , ,    
 :   ,        ,   , 
      (,   .).   
    ,     "  ", 
    ,   ,   .    
  ,    .   , 
      ,      .   
 hi-tech ,      .   
 ,     ,    
.        , 
 ,     .   
       ,     
.  , , , ,    ) 

Dan Black:          (  
    ) ...     ... 
          
.....       
Dan Black:    80-90 %    ,  
         ...    
   ,    .
KonstantinSoF:      13,000,000$  
            
       
       
 :           
  .  , ,    ,   
          (    
  ).
  ,  , 30  ,  .    
  . ,   5  .  
,       (  ),  
   . 
Ulick Norman Owen:   ,  ,    
         .    
   -    ,  
   - , ()    
       ,    
""        
 ,        
 ..
Anton Maslovich: ""
 :     )
katerinazhilina: , ,  - ,       
,     ?
Zhanna GeldNumero:  ,            
  ,   " "   ,     
.           ,    
    .   .    
,      ,    . 
     ,       : 
    .    ,     
      (   4  ,   
,  )-     . 
   ,        ....  
140 .    .      ,  
;       ,   
 .  PS       5    
 ,      .    -  . 
.
TheJohhnnywalker:      ...  ... =')))    
   12 ...  ... =')))
SiliconValleyVoice:,     .      
      "" ?      
?

VIDEOID:w5ob7YWKy5M
Sinister Blak:Supper supper super dumb 
Johnny Smith:It is not funny it is dumb. The sound effects are just stupid.
Robert Perrin:If u wanna see funny go look up tththe gaming lemon
Robert Perrin:Was that supposed to be funny.....
Imani Martinez:Sorta funny
Neo Tails:not funny just dumb
Neo Tails::3
Caleb Lee:no that funny
SirDrPeanut:Wow... someone's head falls off a lot. Sooooo funny. (Sarcastic)
legomasterjr4:booooooooooo
jakity bob:It's not funny it's head popping off no funny!
ghostmarksman08:(null)
TheNoBrainerGamers:Lol nice vid bro
Allie Pauly:This is terrible!
Jacob Coates:Retarded
hoomptie doomptie:not funny
Lego1325:Probably more...
Legozmindz:YOU SURE ARE COMMITED!!! 20000 FRAMES!??!!!

VIDEOID:ZYHQkxaB1s0
Jenny Isbell:Go Nana!!!

VIDEOID:2A4fg-HNGCY
theheckwithit:some of the few books, or the only book i could really get into
logantaylor717:this is my all time favorite book series, because its so different from any 
others 

VIDEOID:7N3YwdX7OVc
John Frost:Halfback Ernie Dorn can run as well today as he did then.

VIDEOID:T22RSKY8uQw
Hei Gato:Abelltalk
SETI Institute:It depends on the asteroid but there is a good chance we will get lots of 
warning. Please watch our special Doomsday panel on December 11 for more 
answers.
wanabee2008:Hi SETI, great video..very informative. One question. I just read an 
article on Yahoo! News here in the UK, in which it said: "However, if we 
are going to be hit [by an asteroid], we should know within six months to a 
year of it happening." Is this statement factually correct? Many thanks in 
advance.... Source: 
uk.news.yahoo.com/mayan-apocalypse-2012-how-to-survive-the-end-of-the-world-142657517.html
In2hardcore:He posts on his computer by way of the internet as beams v.i.a satellite 
across the globe. Like any of those owe there origins to government 
organisations. Yes It is a well known fact that venture capitalists like to 
spend billions of their dollars on untested ideas where the risks are 
unquantified and the benefits are not immediately obvious, because 
investing money where you have no idea what or if an outcome will be is the 
smart thing to do. No business jumps in once the road has been paved 
Zurround100:NASA barely exists. Congress is now refusing to find the James Webb Space 
Telescope, the Terrestrail Planet finder, another moon mission NASA wants 
to have and that manned Mars mission is like a carrot dangling in front of 
a Mule's face always 20 years away. This mission is NOT happening hell we 
do not even have a SPACE SHUTTLE anymore!!!
Togetherness58:The American government should team up with private businesses as well as 
governments of other nations to develop commercial mining of valuable 
minerals on extraterrestrial bodies such as, asteroids, the earth's moon, 
other planets, and moons of other planets. Building space fleets and 
processing extraterrestrial minerals for commercial use can generate many 
jobs here on earth, especially making state of the art machinery using 
minerals that are in short supply on earth. 
SETI Institute:Thanks for the feedback - that is the standard way Google Hangouts are 
presented - we look forward to them giving us more choice in the near 
future! Thanks for watching!
ShaniaSuperFan:Great topic, great presentation.... but I can't say I care for the 
perma-split screen view -- it is distracting.
MikeSears100:The greatest advancements in science and technology occur when the 
government is not involoved. The fact is, mankinds greatest achievements in 
all areas (except global war) occur when there is no government at all and 
the free market of ideas flurish.
In2hardcore:Yeah, how could leading the world on the cutting edge of scientific and 
technological advancement possibly benefit the country you live in? 
Christopher Carr:Randroid trolls are best ignored. 
MikeSears100:I see no mention of the Constitution in your post and I am well aware of 
those ordinances and grants. I also suggust you want to look up the 
"Scientific Revolution" and the Gilded Age. You may also want to educate 
yourself on the history of science and technology in that the greatest 
achievents in science & technology resulted WITHOUT government funding.
SETI Institute:Our pleasure to bring you the talks live and online via a Google Hangout!
SETI Institute:Our pleasure to bring it to you!
SETI Institute:Apophis is an NEO and a possible target of this type of mission, yes.
MikeSears100:Matter of fact yes, the mondern world came by of, Philanthropy or better 
yet, the FREE MARKET. It is not the job of the federal government to fund 
space exploration, or exploration, PERIOD. Perhaps you can show me in the 
Constitution where government funding for such things is allowed.
MikeSears100:At the end of the day, it is not the job of government to provide space 
exploration.
MikeSears100:Interesting stuff. However, I wonder who is paying for such a mission? I 
curtainly hope it is not the tax payers.
Gemeral dis:The point is, in 2028 a giant asteroid ''apophis'' will be close enough to 
earth for the naked eye to see...i'll be really cool..get your hi def 
camera's out and plan to post it all over instagram and facebook and 
twitter and...
Gemeral dis:This is regarding the Apophis asteroid, yes?

VIDEOID:Cc3ApG_kNoA
 :,   ) 
ArthurUSA:  ,     ))))     
!!!
Zeka Ufa:, )
 :        .
61:+   +
Leticiya35:  "".          
 .      .   
 .
Artem Yazynin:      70
 :    ,   
,,!   ,   
,-  ,,   !  
!
Andrew R:, ,      ,     , 
     ?

 : !!!
XtaticVideo: , !  ,   )
 :  ))    )))     
    )  !!!
 :    !!!     
,     !!! ,  , 
    !      !!!!
 :  ,   ))))
olina Ra: !  !! :))
justbiking:     ))))
califrogg:  -       :))

    !    -   :)
 :   X Factor    ?)))
Artem Sinitcyn:!!!       !!    
  !
 :    ?    (  )?

VIDEOID:Da2KLcbUIV8
MD Productions:holy shit..you can't believe this!!! just now I found an alien on my 
toilet..I asked: what do ya think you are doin here?...It told: it is 
lookin for a black hole........
hey I'm serious,,,
cre liho:That intro was painful.
John Dugosz:You didn't go into the long-exposure issues with those cameras.  Do you 
subtract out a black frame, chill the back of the camera, or anything?
Bernardo SOUSA:I like his tshirt.
Quaalude Charlie:Somewhere in this talk , I started rethinking the Pyramids :) QC 
HughFromAlice:Interesting talk....very interesting to hear about all the trade offs. 
Also, I have to give a like/thumbs up for this talk because of Olivier's 
demonstration of his ingenious distal metacarpally based coronagraph! 
Citizen science at its best.  H.L..
Angela Schirmer:Nice .. thank you
carelessbear:imagine something like this happening on another planet in our galaxy, so 
many talks in the universe then, so many journeys and people. recessions 
and revolutions, wars and love: they are watching us
mars Cubed:Species meeting works well too.. ie, cells & mitochondria make organisms 
possible.. or biosphere; many species in balance. flowers bees & crops.. 
maybe 1 day stellar community of mutual interests.
carelessbear:stop the cynicism 8bit, how can you compare a species millions of years 
ahead with us?
Cherd bud:Aliens exsist , im already here :) 

VIDEOID:6_ceFwyEp4U
Davebow Hol:Bought my SJ in 1966. Man, I could have owned that 335 
............Waaaaaaaaaa! LOL P.S.- still have the SJ . MINT.

VIDEOID:exSZDVXlBnc
Michael Meehan:*Venture Capital Legend John Doerr on Entrepreneurship - and Why It Takes A 
Team To Win.*
If you didn't go to Stanford, this will make you wish you had. A fantastic 
talk from renowned VC John Doerr on going the distance as an entrepreneur, 
why you need to hang in there, and why it takes a team to win. 

#t  
Sandeep Ts:mercenaries vs missionaries part is the most important thing .but we only 
have a few missionaries with the given qualities .the missionaries are the 
ones worth working for .
GH123XL:Apologize but what does he mean by "Displacement Market"?
zooMZooMlikeATyphOOn:Wow, what a speech. Ten thousand light bulbs went off in my brain during 
this session.
Jeferson Pazze:Muito bom.
eric512140:There should have been a bit more discussion of crowdfunding and its 
disruptive power
Nick Newborne:good video please dont stop makeing them .

VIDEOID:3QapwV0oaY0
Eleonore Ranjon:Ces un comprhensible ces le retour de goldorak mais on dirait plus sons 
arrive sur expliqu moi
Tropapeur Detoi:j'aimerais bien voir la teub de godorak
actaeruce richie:Mazinguer
actaeruce richie:Si vous Aimee les robot il ya Aussie mazinger
actaeruce richie:Jais 51 ans jais suivie les episode depuis 1976 en tout cas c est mieux que 
c est films bidon transformer
actaeruce richie:Desole pour les faults mon apad et English il deforme tout ce que j ecris
actaeruce richie:De plus le visage du robot est different trop quromet et ca va etre quoi l 
histoire je pense que ca etre bid ont comme la saga alien les films entre 
eux n est pas la meme histoire je pense que goldorak c est juste la saga de 
1975 le reste ca va etre commercial juste des hi age de syntheses 
impression ante pfffffffff
actaeruce richie:C est pas mal Mai's la taile reel d actaruce et de goldorak n est pas ca du 
tout le robot est plus grand
gabor kovacs:fulgure au point , planitron, cornofulgure,asterohache,missilegamma.....a 
quand au cinma, javais 13 ans en 78, et je courrais apres le lyce pour 
ne pas louper un pisode
Ronnie CoomCoom:magnifique! la BO entre 0:50 et 2:10 m'envoit direct en plein dans mon 
enfance!!  quand Goldorak au cin? viiiiiite!
massimiliano brandi:non mi piace, non rispetta i colori veri di goldrake
Paque Phil:Alors la je ds un grand " OUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII " !!!!!!!!!
Je trouve cela nettement mieux que le remak de goldorak que j'ai dj vu 
sur internet....
Je n'accroche absolument pas au nouvel anim qu'il nous ont fait avec des 
pertsonnage mconnaissable et un robot avec une cape rouge...
S'est Goldorak et non Superman quoi .....
De plus, le nouveau costume du prince d'euphor est Horrible ....
La, je serai tout  fait pour une production d'une suite avec cette qualit 
...
big Eastwood:Si goldorak rejouint les avengers oua sa va devenir chaud pour les mechants
Andymion38:un travail extraordinaire ..!
GUSTIN Jrmy (DedeGugu1993):T'imagine goldorak toutes les pisodes refait de cette faon a serrait 
trop classe :O
:
RussianBoy Poutine:Intressant. Cela prouve qu'il y matire  faire un bon long mtrage. Mais 
l, rien sur Actarus(Et on pourrait y mettre un acteur!). Bizarre, c'est 
tout  fait possible. Serait une bataille de Droits?
Hads Azazel:J ai mis cette vido pour Dream pour qui Goldoark n'tait pas de sa 
gnration. L c'est le film qu'ils auraient dt faire, mais qui faute de 
budget  cette poque au USA n'a pas pt se faire. Je ls mis dans la 
rubrique arts graphiques, car je trouve qu'il a sa place parmis tous les 
dessins futuriste de ce post. Pour les gens de notre gnration c'tait le 
premier dessin animes parlant d invasion extra terrestre sur la Terre.
Antonio shane:pas de respect de certain dtails de goldorak le vrai dommage mais pas mal 
quand mme, mais je trouve qu'il on trop ajouts de trucs au design donc 
j'accroche pas

VIDEOID:_yGy9-zmk5Y

VIDEOID:HWT3hSRW3rs

VIDEOID:UuJ9EbJR2Hw

VIDEOID:3UdlsxHIjJY
Erik Berry:I made this (first XD)
norman bates:don't fuck with the chuck
marcho12287:Chuck Norris cannot die, just because he is the definition of death. Go 
figure :P
tigurius555:OWND
D3PRO:he is dead
gameex1:i wish that was the real chuck norris he's annoying the hell out of me
Calvin:help the poor kid out and rate and comment this video
Calvin:noah, is that your dad?
heavymetalman2:awsome video!

VIDEOID:XtrrTNunRRE
rory carter:Love Master Monkey, So cool.
Kinder Surprise eggs:Great video!
RC AxialTrucks:Awesome video!! i just subbed to you! can you please subscribe to my 
channel too thanks a lot keep it up the good work!
Lime Tube ():wow Kung Fu Panda~~~~!!
Surprise Toys Box:Hi, nice channel - I subbed!  Would love if you could visit my channel and 
sub back :)
iTs Jocelyn:isn't baby po cute? #kungfupanda   #mcdonalds   #toys  
iTs Jocelyn:the baby PO and master shifu is pretty awesome. thumb up
Happy Toy Time:Great video! Great toys!
funtoy world:So cute toys from McDonalds!!!! Want them all!!
Anneaventures:Big 
RED toys reviewed:McDonalds retro toys from the Kung Fu Panda 2 movie

VIDEOID:PhjR_Wn1waM
carelessbear:This was only a matter of time; it's grand !
HughFromAlice:About 200 odd years ago in the C18 the big event was observing the transit 
of Venus across the sun.... now we are observing the transit of 100s of exo 
planets across the faces of their stars.... so I agree, Hell Yeah!!!!! 
H.L..
MrTrenttness:Hell Yeah!!!!
shadowmagix:Amazing! Love this stuff.
aoinekodax:Thank you

VIDEOID:7doRfTM4NBw
Ernest Nicolas:ganda naman ng video

VIDEOID:YkIlN-m1EZg
Cesare Cuscona:come si kiama la canzone

VIDEOID:RAUb2y53Ssg
Zack Lee:Great vid! :)
David Ihnen (Skylos):Tipped positions have had wage stagnation for 20 years - they need a raise 
bigtime - even if it still has a tip-equivalent credit in it (which it 
probably shouldn't)  - you do realize that part of the shit that is game 
companies is that they pay poorly - even as a senior developer I would make 
25% less working at a game company than I would in business or industry. 
 AND - it shows how absolutely disgustingly low the minimum wage is that by 
the time you get to an adequate wage you've already got 10 years 
experience.  Oye!
David Ihnen (Skylos):Do a piece on your tea and why you steep it for so long
Dasgokuguy FARTOONETWORK:meanwhile, at the legion of my damn, diddly, diary
Trendane Sparks:Christmas Trees In Low-Earth Orbit? Say It Ain't So!

VIDEOID:0_zd02C6bMc
rogers steven:Que tetas mas ricas! 0:03

VIDEOID:ZCZTbR7541o

VIDEOID:2lNuPaM9DPM
Kadik Kapan:  ,   ?
         ?
  .
az0009990:!=  ?
 :     IT-? ,     
, , ...?
Vlad Mironov: , .
, ,       
.         , 
     5-7   ,  ,  
     .
     ?      
?     ?
 ,  ,        
,  .
, ,     ,  
     .
   .
Agent868:,     ,  ,      
,  -,  ,  ,     
    ,      -   
,         ?
,     !
Le Man:      ? 
Le Man:   ? 
 :   

 : ,       ,   
        ?
Dmitry Berd:    14:54    :)
lola sinenok:   -  "   "
 : 45           .     
.       .
polkadotpuss:,            
?
 : ! ,       ?  
 ?     .
Milk Air:,     ,        
           
,  .      100     
  IT, FMCG, DIY, Pharmacy ,     ,  , 
     HR,      
    .   ,  
          
.... .  ,       IESE 
        
      , ,   
   ."   ,   
      ".      ?,  
  , ,     , 
    2-3    ,   , 
.....  ,   ,   ,    
,   ,   , ......  
.      .   .
,     , 70%     ,  
   : , , ,  , 
   , , , , , 
  ,       )
    ,    ,   .
 !
Sensiz none:,        .   
  .?    ?  ?   
   (   )
Igor Gabrielan:  ,      ?
 : .   34.    
.              
      .  
 .  CDL   .
Andrei Fast:,        :  
   (,   .)   . 
,    ..        
  .   ,       
 ?       ,   
   ,          
(). )
SiliconValleyVoice: 45 .   8 ( ).   
.
  2        GA.
     (   , /), 
       .
 :
Manual testing (Excel, QC)
Automation: QTP/UFT
Performance: LoadRunner
SQL
SoupUI
SAP Testing
ETL
Unix
  (20  )   2     
 (C,C++,Java, Assembler   ...),    
  .
:
   ?   ? - Manual/Automation/Performance? 
 QA  ? - Manual/Automation/Performance?
   -   - -,     (  ).
         ,   
.

          ,   
   ,      .
  ?      ?

   ?
   2   - Senior ( 5 )  Entry Level(2 ).
      Entry   "" ( 2 )  
.  Senior -       
,      .

:      ?       
? (   -     
-?

VIDEOID:xLz9iVHUzAg
 smile:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLz9iVHUzAg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVtUlpHdpBI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcR2OCQ3z6w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDIgsWNJoLk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uk4PCVR8mUc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A95VBssRgts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3R-nI6dt_g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_6lA68JN_U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcTGeuDFEnA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BN4PGR4P0eQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TGq-vDTMMA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lqb4WC2FaDw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOa8Ks_GSJA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KA696mxaw6U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5iGTLpu4j8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVDFeuavqEI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dka2cyIElp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlFCpCNR2hc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCUxkKumWXI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbK-wrY4IWo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCbqnUEgiW0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we0N8IbGLME
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nGi9UscgSo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9swKl_HVuIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ND48uqasIjw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ED98X0WxD0A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXQwSG7JzPI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZetGPJYXxUs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcRH9AlnDIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP-6NbTpiBE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yrhRxI7DLM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaI0ZzPsZhs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxSJAnTe5Z4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JddTvy0c5b4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lyr_nfVtzM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jFRvhZxhtM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcsKktnU-ZA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XL970H3Cd0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-M4u54qCJQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WR6KfL8dBvs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbtSmC-JaM4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFQgF9OgACo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEtrpu36LsA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDTuHqW10FM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mapFpduldfU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmjfa9Gc87Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUgRXyO3FFs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xsOarGMJMI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yoLHJlsCSI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEr6IFXyzo8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AT9_dP6pKo4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2sWLA1w5TE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=084-1m2tOtU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75LuRjpf-cQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ce9Pv9pX2V4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpQTCXJ-DD8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc4VOJFsACw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5oj_rnXBI8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vBO_BD6tU8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEpAuN6sfZc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMjMwY-cqkU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iw2LwT7-_E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BowAYaTmQIE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ST4ARqX81MQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyIc3N-c2jA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzFa__dRfaQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOisGta6_tA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ps8_9HkafBc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEe1mOGy3BY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sp_69hwliE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5mu_L5cJH0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccuRDHbnq_8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoXhJub82ZQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJRLML7t-7M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRWVs-rb7fA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v851Z-xifBY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwmG3G-_PXM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFQ0f6Wtee4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Be9niNyeOtM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgRLhiuUV9Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Z4Twz-ELv0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JpooxblGeA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rF-CY4Rldag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5SI783P6ho
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV_NRNU52XI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfCdLk1r7HI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wbcYgeQFgY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPDGuskorA0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgXQ8BAjHk0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AOHqiAmGTA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1-8GOv6cI4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kkbwOueuRo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXys7y0X6c8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9f6qiXcx7M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4OrYh-RLJw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OX3DLrkYOzE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQzMGjgAiLM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agl3FuQcBZY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfxUVpWleGc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dITXasd7VB4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FkGylLKl84
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BskxHzhuNY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phzIOLqVnR4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EILr9VDSe74
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eOoPLXy6ew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzkaTkC9gS8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Y4E5BbLFfg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn8KzPAv4mA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mmw4iEWo9A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umeCajI9cp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baxYB1l-oww
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQZBFkr6DC8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xafb0-1xuHY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hM77_Tapzf8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJZhL2FZL2o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fp4Cxw5Zfo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoChlEUybP0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5aAQ3fjQeA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR6-qyLypLo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQFSrS88lis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFWigfZYJm0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXd6uKrIdr0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROKcS9hAW4g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mqkb4NzEl2g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6F7Sm74zbpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJz9z04nnJ0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9pwGdnC6ww
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNijiLhuL8s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAGHg6N--QM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rfB6j94Ol8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngJCuaqf740
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWLO_95U9Og
:

yousef ali:   
Gdor Mustapha:     
 smile:

VIDEOID:wX3nDR24kMM
Thaniel Ong:Funny thing is, Subaru doesn't even make pickups. Thats a Chevy Colorado. 
High Speed Pursuits 3:

VIDEOID:EKlFlfK9Vfk
 p: : ""... 
 :,     !  !    !
 :,      :     - 
" " ? (  ,       
).
Svetlana Svet:...     ....((((((
Dmitry Kareba:   ,       .   ?!
 :,    ?
Alex Pavlov: ,          !
Michael Sokolov:,       ,   , 
   .       
.  100%   ..........
SiliconValleyVoice:   .    2-3   .  
    .
roman lazurenko:    ,      ,      
    ?
SiliconValleyVoice: -   , .   
 -     .
roman lazurenko:   ?
sapyor: ,          .  
 ,      ,    
.      ,       
,    .     
 ,    .
sapyor:     , . 
 :     ?    .
sapyor: ? :)      ,  ,   
  ,    .
Kirill Russian: !?
sapyor:          :)  
     .    :)
Serjio    D. Smirnoff:            , 
 .. , ! 
 :    ,     ;)

VIDEOID:5UutROOFVds
Joe Sondow:

VIDEOID:410IWVoWLG0
Pashechka668:You LOL!!!!!!! Idiot!!!! Stupid!!!!! Stop Spaming YouTube
Mogenesenes:its a super mega fail of the yeah
Xiesyn99:i love this music, anyone know were i could get it?
Jescy Boudreau-Nini:fucking stupid guy theres no description
OneTheSuper:Show the link DUDE
DragonNinjaX08:description where?? dont have at all?
Georgi Piskov:Link ?? There is no info in description 
xJess51:@mycatsnameisdash how can you have the hack? there isnt any info :/ 
joe124124:j'pence t'envoiyez des menaces et des comptes boure de noub lv1 a toute 
journe =) 
BeastSean14:this fake
Ragnabolt:WOW IT WORKS I LOVE YOU <3 the hack stole my fake noob account GJ (i did it 
for the lolz)
Chika797:@Kaigen22m Kaigen22m ist ne Arschgeburt , is the title ! ;)
kCah3:Dragonica Cheat Engine! First Cheat Engine for Dragonica! XP Adder, level 
adder, gold adder. Must See ! youtube.com/watch?v=ZOGuvAGvwzE
xin zal:stupid people why must you be stupid for? Lawl D: so sad
xendee13:Hey Guys i Found a Working cheat,,just want to share you this :) Believe me 
100% works!! :) here: /watch?v=UK8J9wmJe4w cheers to all hackers!! :D
Sam Na:@yunas909 its a scam man. and it says HACKED by NOA so im guessing NOA took 
off link
RabbidCandy:I like how people still believe this video. Wake up people, THQ*Ice 
Dragonica doesn't even exist anymore. xD
cyil0808:@tuvsgbcrh1 Haha are you going to do it?
cyil0808:@ant0000000000ify lol there is nothing to download.
cyil0808:@tuvsgbcrh1 All there is to it lol, thats why this only workes in specific 
server, because he is in that server and he wants all ur gold!!!!!! But 
seriously if u in IAHGames Add me my name is Rottenyou.

VIDEOID:VT3H4Tc4ShM
yuvan sriram M:What's the intro music??
Harshit Sadhwani:Should I buy this phone or wait for the 3rd gen of moto g ??
Juho Marjaniemi:Wich one I should buy the Samsung Galaxy A3 or Motorola Moto G 2015?
The prize doesn't matter.
Richard G:Go at 3:24 and look the name on the screen and find the name in the comment 
section XD
Omar Kholy:Awesome video buddy, You earned a subscriber.
jip denktook:Lol 720-1080? do u mean 720-1280 ?
Sergio Carreto:Check out the Alcatel Idol 3
Ronald Fajarito:Sounds like borat
Fluffy Greyfoot:*720x1280
Alvin Capalad:My button feels ok, it's not loose nor mushy. Maybe you just got one of 
those crappy manufactured batches.
Andres Vargas:I have an idea, since you have a PS4 you can do video game reviews every 
once and a while.
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Is the Moto G 2014 worth it, or would you go for something else in that 
price range?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Do you think this is still a good choice?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Almost 8 months after its release, is this still the best budget phone out 
there?  #android
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Is the Moto G 2014 worth it, or would you go for something else in that 
price range?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Do you think this is still a good choice?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Is the Moto G 2014 worth it, or would you go for something else in that 
price range?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Almost 8 months after its release, is this still the best budget phone out 
there?  #android
The Nerd Herd:Almost 8 months after its release, is this still the best budget phone out 
there? #android

VIDEOID:2lJ6pSCvw4s
Hector Jimenez:nice video
Ambesh Singh:what about the lags that have occured in 5.0.2?especially the dialer 
lag?plz give your review on it
mario haduken:IL GOLLUM ALLA FINE
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Great update for this little great device
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Great update for this little great device
Haduken Dev:I use a second gen G, gonna update. FINGERS CROSSED!
Aaditya Bawkar:You on WhatsApp
Nachitoo Gonzalez:Amazing Video
Zach Charlie:Hey +The Nerd Herd did you flash the phone or did the update come over the 
site?
Slight Pepper:Which model is this?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:The Lollipop sweetness has come to the Moto G: here's how it behaves!
The Nerd Herd:

VIDEOID:6rWgRaGIrXg
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Killer look on my G3!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Loving these so far, great value for the price!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Loving these so far, great value for the price!
Todd Moser:No Thanks. dbrand lasted 1 day and fell off. Will stick to Slickwraps.
Haduken Dev:Amazing! I have a second gen moto G but I have no idea what will look good 
on it :c
Raul H:Can you please make a what's on my lg g3? And btw amazing video I'm 
ordering a skin for my lg g3
The Nerd Herd:Precision, Quality, and Reasonable Price: what are you waiting for?
shrunkt:+Gioacchino Gargiulo why did you need to post the same comment multiple 
times
Gioacchino Gargiulo:If you hate cases as much as I do, these skins might be what you need!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Carbon Fiber is absolutely sexy on my G3.
Gioacchino Gargiulo:If you hate cases as much as I do, these skins might be what you need!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Carbon Fiber is absolutely sexy on my G3.
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Carbon Fiber is absolutely sexy on my G3.
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Sweet customizability for your console! Love them on my PS3 and PS4
Gioacchino Gargiulo:If you hate cases as much as I do, these skins might be what you need!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Absolutely sick on my Nexus 7!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Got three of them for my Androids (G3, Moto G, Nexus 7): I'm really 
impressed with the results!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:The leather finish on the Moto G is awesome.
Gioacchino Gargiulo:dbrand offers great quality at a super reasonable price: are their skins 
the ideal choice?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:If you hate cases as much as I do, these skins might be what you need!

VIDEOID:lN-iJc2LHlQ
Attila Vass:Slow-Down-Kamera-Funktion
TheMrBinary:His face looks like a pervert =_="
Akshay kn:*Here's the Moto X being used to film **+Daria Musk*

+Leo Laporte +Mike Elgan +Robert Scoble and a whole bunch of others 
attended an event at Google the other day. Scoble captured the whole thing 
on his Glass. He also captured the Moto X being used. Here's a video, in 
slow motion, of the Moto X in action.

Here's the original post http://goo.gl/s0qoR for reference.

#Android   #MotoX  
Oren  Xoom:me LIKE iT:)
Alexander Koshernov:Cameraman is like SAY HELLO TO MY GOOGLE GLASS
Adib Hakeem:*Here's the Moto X being used to film **+Daria Musk*

+Leo Laporte +Mike Elgan +Robert Scoble and a whole bunch of others 
attended an event at Google the other day. Scoble captured the whole thing 
on his Glass. He also captured the Moto X being used. Here's a video, in 
slow motion, of the Moto X in action.

Here's the original post http://goo.gl/s0qoR for reference.

#Android   #MotoX  
Brad Chasenore:*Here's the Moto X being used to film **+Daria Musk*

+Leo Laporte +Mike Elgan +Robert Scoble and a whole bunch of others 
attended an event at Google the other day. Scoble captured the whole thing 
on his Glass. He also captured the Moto X being used. Here's a video, in 
slow motion, of the Moto X in action.

Here's the original post http://goo.gl/s0qoR for reference.

#Android   #MotoX  
David Junior:*Here's the Moto X being used to film **+Daria Musk*

+Leo Laporte +Mike Elgan +Robert Scoble and a whole bunch of others 
attended an event at Google the other day. Scoble captured the whole thing 
on his Glass. He also captured the Moto X being used. Here's a video, in 
slow motion, of the Moto X in action.

Here's the original post http://goo.gl/s0qoR for reference.

#Android   #MotoX  
Carlos Sanchez:It&#39;s like The Bigfoot film,  but better! 
Derek Ross:*Here's the Moto X being used to film **+Daria Musk*

+Leo Laporte +Mike Elgan +Robert Scoble and a whole bunch of others 
attended an event at Google the other day. Scoble captured the whole thing 
on his Glass. He also captured the Moto X being used. Here's a video, in 
slow motion, of the Moto X in action.

Here's the original post http://goo.gl/s0qoR for reference.

#Android   #MotoX  
Kubutiek:Jak ju jad po caoci z promocj Moto X, to ja czekam a w sieci pojawi 
si nagrane wideo.
huang zhen:
mohamed haridy:please press on my name - please press on my name - please press on my name 
- please press on my name - please press on my name - please press on my 
name - please press on my name - please press on my name - please press on 
my name - please press on my name - please press on my name - please press 
on my name - please press on my name - please press on my name - please 
press on my name - please press on my name - please press on my name - 
please press on my name 
Felix Hennig:Moto X? sieht etwas klein aus, oder?
sclassbg:What a fucking creepy smile 
Robert Moreno:Cool to see Leo Laporte there.
Robert Hicks:Could be starring in the next PSY video
JOEL FLSA:Who ever record this video SUXS.
JOEL FLSA:Who ever video taped is SUXS.
Nlcio Santos:*Moto X  flagrado em vdeo durante evento*

VIDEOID:5G-o_mUIuIk
Nicholas A.:Did your Moto X 2014 Boot screen change to the new design?

VIDEOID:2SRAM2K-KPs

VIDEOID:OPvVZfcR84g

VIDEOID:WKJGX7fVJOQ
Cathay Bi:My friend +Kevin Ngo showed me this video that he made of his son playing 
Windy Day on Moto X. Totally missed this when it was first posted around 
Halloween this year. +Marvin Chow has Polaire played this on your Moto X 
yet? :-)
Motorola Colombia:Miren a el pequeo SuperMan interactuando con el #SpotLight del #MotoX
Superman vs. Windy Day
Bill Mattheis:Lol love it
Christian Herrera:gotta do this with Hiro
Erik Freeman:Great idea.
Cesar Oliver:A little bit of Moto magic 
Giri dharan:Great video of a kid playing with Windy Day on #MotoX  

http://youtu.be/WKJGX7fVJOQ
Attila Vass:Windy Day ... Nur bei Motorola Moto X :-)
:MOTO X
Ashraf Taha:i cannot play video on youtube
Ernesto Estrada:Super cool commercial!

Motorola and Google are doing some wonderful things with this new 
phone...keep it up!!
david Arreaza Moreno:A little bit of Moto magic 
Eugene Lee:I wish when I was that young I had a tee shirt like that! Oh, and the Moto X bit is cool too.
Rafael Barreto:Muito legal! estou ansioso pelo prximo vdeo. Parabns motorola!
Gary Good:A little bit of Moto magic 
David Hartman:Lovely. What's the soundtrack?
Joe Wu:could be a good commercial #ft
Eduardo Bortoluzzi Junior:Coisas que s a Motorola/Google oferece... :-) 
CYBER DESIGN PROFFESIONAL TRAINING INSTITUTE:A little bit of Moto magic 
Cyber Design Professional Training Institute:A little bit of Moto magic 

VIDEOID:PfTR5T93AIU

VIDEOID:yxB3lSu3zKo

VIDEOID:lupYOKgAidk
MegaRick2:where did you get the grip tape?
fuzionalex:no thanks, i have a whole new scooter with eagle metal cores
xXM1M5Xx:madd freshh
Zach Wands:ya i have the electron
fuzionalex:you got a fuzion?
Zach Wands:k cuz i had skatewheels on mine and my scooter kept hitting the ground
fuzionalex:50mm
Zach Wands:wat size wheels r those on the fuzion
Alek Mesev:where did u get the checkard griptape from ?
Cameron Snyder:kool song
Sam Knoll:i hav lizard skins on my scooty toot toot check it out

VIDEOID:8tOhdUXcSkw
biomerl:If developing for pebble, is it possible (likely) to cause a crash or error 
that screws up the watch indefinitely?

Is there a way to store things to phone memory instead of relying on 
in-built memory? (flash-wise/persistent-wise)
Pebble Development:

VIDEOID:RQ0rEGKpxkA

VIDEOID:qp9Bv0pr4Tk
Nouveau et intressant:Pebble Time and Pebble Time Steel Hands On [English]
Tiktok Toyatoya:Please support windows phone!
Axel Hjelm:So the kickstarter for the Pebble Time ends in 27 days and i am just 
wondering if i donate and buy a Pebble Time, if i do this will I get a 
special engraving or is that only for those who supported the original 
Pebble. Will buy the new Pebble anyways, just would be cool to have an 
engraving on the watch. :)
BaoThanh Tran:
David Sullivan:I guess when you are 82 years old, no matter how tech savvy, and you read 
to slow and you have limited income, since OBcare takes most with that 
thoughtless doughnut hole Plan D and you have already shelled out $100.00 
less than 6 months ago for a B&W Pebble (which I love) and missed by 
minutes getting the early bird version of the Pebble Time and couldn't 
afford the jump from $159.00 to nearly $200.00 I'll just have to go to my 
grave without being the proud owner of a Pebble Time.
John Joseph:Support  Windows(Phone & Desktop)
MehStrongBadMeh:In before copyright takedown.
madmax01992:can't wait to get it! but still keeping my original kickstarter Pebble the 
girlfriend has already call dibs on it
 
SVENDINVN:I have the pebble steel, I'll wait for the time sreel because this doesn't 
look as good.
JMM 3:That look awesome
J D Power:what is going to be the price?
Aztezq:Pebble is love, Pebble is life 
Pebble:

VIDEOID:FjLmbbr8d_0

VIDEOID:IlUoO5QUO6s
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Wondering how we did the "Android Lollipop in Slow Motion" video? Here's a 
quick tutorial!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Wondering how we did the "Android Lollipop in Slow Motion" video? Here's a 
quick tutorial!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Making phones faster is too mainstream. Here's how to slow them down!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Making phones faster is too mainstream. Here's how to slow them down!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Making phones faster is too mainstream. Here's how to slow them down!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:
Making phones faster is too mainstream. Here's how to slow them down!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:
Making phones faster is too mainstream. Here's how to slow them down!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:
Making phones faster is too mainstream. Here's how to slow them down!
The Nerd Herd:Wondering how we did last video? Here is how to use your Android in Slow 
Motion!

VIDEOID:icgPsVXhJfo
cd34:

VIDEOID:8d2PpY_qrVQ
Br0kenmachine:Too bad this watch is so damn ugly looking, like a Playskool 'my first 
watch' series.  Even the steel version of the Time could use a face lift. 
 I hope Pebble makes a more masculine version.  Pebble's new hotness looks 
like it should be worn by preschoolers!
Angel Malus:Can this thing finally display Japanese characters? I am stuck with a 
pebble steel that only shows blocks instead of Japanese, also how about a 
list of recent calls and the ability to search for a contact and call 
without pulling the phone out of the pocket?
Phill Robinson:
Manuel Juan Arteaga Herrera:#Pebble #Smartwatch I love it!
Miguel Mota (Moogs):Awesome commercial but here's the reality check:

1. Battery rarely lasts 7 days. I was getting average 3 days with motion 
backlight turned off and about 14 notification a day. The battery does 
charge insanely fast though.
2. The colored e-ink screen is not that colorful, the colors are really 
unsaturated. The screen is really dim. I'm assuming that's normal, but 
pretty unreadable indoors.
3. The apps suck. There are no good apps. Most of them don't do what they 
claim they do. I didn't see any well known apps other than Yelp, 
Tripadvisor, Nest, Evernote and some Uber app.
4. iOS support sucks. No voice to text, no predefined text messages, no 
granularity settings of notifications. I understand it's iOS limitations 
but make it extra clear on your advertising rather than really small text 
in the bottom. All that is possible with Android though.
5. No microphone API
6. The watch feels like it's worth $95 at most. $200 is not worth it 
considering the Moto 360 does 10 times as much and it costs $150.

Sorry Pebble, I really tried loving the watch but your marketing campaigns 
are a lie to consumers. I'll be getting an Apple Watch since I have an 
iPhone. 1 days worth of battery is all I need. Charge it when I sleep.


/rant end
David McAfee:Great video but the disclaimer regarding voice reply goes very quickly when 
on screen. Apart from that, this is an awesome ad - really like it and glad 
to be an owner of a red Pebble time. :)
algert:Love my Pebble! Love it's simplicity and the fact that I don't have to 
charge it every day. I just wish I could reply to iMessages using the voice 
command feature but hopefully that will become available soon :)
Marcel Wiegand:The #TimeOfYourLife : Pebble Time
crow981:I hope to see this on Windows 10...!!!
;)
David Lander:The screen looks nothing like this in real life.
Christian K:You guys should add the price at the end because most people may think its 
in the same budget as the apple watch.
TheINDYRAS:This should be on TV
James Watts:I had a Kickstarter edition of this watch. I sold it and got a Moto 360. 
The Pebble is decent and it's battery life is great but it has a tiny 
screen and it is EXTREMLY dim. Turn on the backlight and the colors become 
very washed out. It looks like a toy, on a guy's (average size) wrist 
anyway. 
Brad Moss (Parkourbrad):When is it being released on the original pebble
Resiak - Minecraft & Other:Beautiful 
Dibbles:Bootiful
Phil Yanov:Cool new video advertising the pebble time.
Juniors Cuevas:Cool!!!!!! 
Pebble:Meet Your Wrists Best Friend. Pebble Time will hang with you anywhere, 
from the pool to the dinner table. Its the past, present, and futureat 
your fingertips.

VIDEOID:_rvTUBSK8dQ
stampycatfan01:"Stanford Whistle?" Rename it to "CSX Nathan K5LA!"
danwat1234:@yolichka1 uh what? The K5 is standard for most road units in the US.., how 
could Nathan cease production
king357:this is all you got stanfurd? dumb. Go Bears! forever.
trainzrok:yeah there just shitty new cast style.
CoasterFan2105:I believe they did when they got rid of all their K5LA's in the early 2000's
CoasterFan2105:That is actually not true. Nathan does still make K5-LS's
yolichka1:Nathan 5 horns aren't made anymore, so if you find a set, they are most 
likely stolen!! Check with CSX transportation they will tell you the same.
Nicholas Moe:I think your best bet is to Google "nathan k5la." I just did it now and got 
a few hits. Looks like a place out of Texas sells them for $1,150. I heard 
that Caltrain donated this horn to Stanford.
WHPMB:I have one of these! :D same colors too.
myotherutube:thats awesome...! lol

VIDEOID:dKQqYCpf-qU
Kyle Kingsberry:I cant get my watch to do that
moochincrawdad:What other smartwatch has a color, always on display that's able to last a 
week on a single charge and is fully readable in bright sunlight conditions?

From the very second I saw this watch I knew I wanted it!
Ch4osWe4veR:I sure did! :D And very much looking forward to Pebble Time!
superboy 9675:I bought my mom a necklace
Korhan Safa Eser:I want that dancing fella in all update videos.
Hotkinkyjo's Rosebud Double:Needs fitness stuff before I care.
Theo Baudry:I WILL NEVER SINK DOWN TO APPLE..... GO PEBBLE!!!
Javier Panduro:When can I give you my money without having a credit card
Aaron 7955:So is the pebble going to be available for windows phones because my phone 
is one and so will my next one
Povl Kvols:*Reminder from Pebble*
Doing pretty well in the sunshine, btw.!
Sumit Grover:
Shashank kakrecha:KA Friendly Reminder from Pebble Time: https://youtu.be/dKQqYCpf-qU
Shashank kakrecha:A Friendly Reminder from Pebble Time: https://youtu.be/dKQqYCpf-qU
musicfuse:I hope there's an option to turn off animations or at least considered in 
the future. Animations are gimmicky, they actually slow things down. Just 
like what happened to iOS, I had to use option to reduce the animations . 
iOS 6 feels more responsive than 8
Steven Michaelis:Happy mother's day to you too. 
Benjamin Remlinger:When is it coming out?! Plz tell me when my smart watch will arrive in the 
mail. (Or at least an estimated date)
Pebble:

VIDEOID:YDGLmF4Uc4o
Ultimate Reviews:Super crispy video man! Nice work :)
 :SNAPDRAGON IS THE BEST PROCCESOR...
 :TAKE A LOOK TO NEW LG G5 AT DECEMBER...AND THEN TELL ME YOUR OPINION ... 
NERD ! ! !
Stike96:Really nice video. The S6 really looks like a great phone! I keep hearing 
complaints about battery life on this phone from lots of people, but that 
is one of the only downsides for me. This is definitely in my top 5 list 
for phones I would get if I didn't have my phone :D.
loyal4 the way:it has a bad battery life that the biggest issue

VIDEOID:wsWUoCxjXJQ
w10021:tiny bubbles......
 :
Rod Wyatt:low voltage ? just how low , I have been running  HHO in a 80 series 
landcrusier  for 3 yrs  the amout of amps needed to produce the gas was 
increadable but .. fuel costs  were cheaper
Andrew Liljenquist:Hooray for electrolysis.... Glad y'all went to first grade science class 
and finally figured it out in college...
dallasgoldbug:Im confused, whats the big deal about this?  two carbon graphite electrodes 
with a current applied and.....what's the big deal?
WahapinmyMilo:Anyways - We can't wait to see the Yahoo article for the THIRD time how the 
military has modified this to create Carbon Dioxide instead of oxygen and 
hydrogen they promptly morph into synthetic diesel fuel. Have you seen the 
morons tout those 'breakthroughs' yet??
Ivan Vojt:Big OIL wants an expensive solution to justify the higher costs to the 
consumer.  If and I do mean IF a cheaper means is available just shelve it 
for decades and if need be then use the "cheaper" method when it's 
absolutely necessary to drive production costs down.
Joe Hatoum:
thecrownedone:
Jorge Gamaliel Frade Chvez:Hydrogen for autonomous underwater drones. Hydrogen forever and 
for autonomous robotic jellyfish. Very good
Andrew Tchircoff:What is the effectivity if use the hydrogen generated will be used for 
splitting? Is it effective this way? )
yazicib1:What happens after a week?
Globe Hackers Multimedia:We'll get there if we can become better people and retard climate change: 
http://buff.ly/1BLKmhZ
Alibaba Neue-Welt:its looks like the found an old technolgy , 1,5V , how many amps ? how many 
liters gas/h ?
we here spilt with 0,88V and Vmax are 1,25V in ordinary water .
for our new turbine we need 15m3/h , please tell me how many power you need 
to get this amount of gas .
Sammy J:I will.
Sammy J:I dont know you need to think about that.
Sammy J:Wonder what the ratio of energy in to energy out is?
Sammy J:wow.
Research, Development and Engineering Command:Stanford water splitter produces clean hydrogen 24/7 -- YouTube video 
https://youtu.be/wsWUoCxjXJQ
Army Technology Magazine:Stanford water splitter produces clean hydrogen 24/7 -- YouTube video 
https://youtu.be/wsWUoCxjXJQ

VIDEOID:3YGgwD45fws
Anand Bit:Hai the video is very useful but i have few doubts is it possible for yoi 
guys to share the whole code link ? it will be helpful
Jouko Kaasila:#Appium Tutorial: How to Use Image Recognition for Mobile App and Game 
Testing on #RealDevices http://bit.ly/1Gwrxfb
Testdroid:#Appium Tutorial: How to Use Image Recognition for Mobile App and Game 
Testing on #RealDevices http://bit.ly/1Gwrxfb
Ville-Veikko Helppi:Advanced Android Game Testing with Image Recognition 

VIDEOID:HfYBqknkHec

VIDEOID:Pruplp4t9jE
cong tieng Nguyen:

VIDEOID:sS33ZeA5Gq4
cuongvan29988:Nhn chng c g mo him. Tay ua Vit Nam chy tc  cao, u khng i 
m bo him ,a gip cng khng ,thng xe cng tho b ,ch cn t l cht 
lin .
 :
Kleber Everton:o toshiba mando bem! mais tem que ver como  aqui no Brasil 
faisal jamil:bodoh semua nie 
 :
Man Blackwater:   
Man Blackwater:   
anhtuananhtuan5gaml:phong do la nhat thoi dang cap la mai mai dung la pro
tinnakon khamfoi: 
nguyn nhn:pha xe dang cap
thu hoang:pro vai~, VN co gan lam the ak... toan nhat chet
Ng Tun Chung:viet nam......nhjn kia dai~ dai @@~
boanx badthegonk:COPO !!!
Nng Cng T:t m c nh :))
du Ky:Ng VN hay thailand day
Nguyen Honghieu:vi n 
forevernofz:  
Bnh  Quch Thn:90% trn 100% s ngi xem video ny u mun my thng ny t  c phin 
xem
hendricahiri:molek
Cng Sn:PRO ! like

VIDEOID:5pVgEGlnEUg
 :   !
fatbelfegor:      ""    .  
 . :)
 :   ,  . !
 :  !
Ruslan Sultanov:I agree with you Mike 100%( ))))
 :  -     .  !!!
Don Astro:  - ,   . ,   * *
!
       : ,     : 
 ,  -   (  )    .
 !
meriDDOS:      ,      
      =\
roman lazurenko:"Like"       )
 :.   .  .
kingstingtin:    .  ,   .    
      : "    
..." (). :)
SaronXL:   ,    ,    
.   :          
            
    . ,   -     
,      ? ,,    
  ,            
  ""   ?

 ,          ,   
           
    .   ?
And Deen:      DV Visa Lottery,      ? 17 
, 11 .
MrVeklich:"".   .
SiliconValleyVoice:   .      
?       -    
 ?         , , 
, ,     8  9   ?    
      ?      ,  
   ?       ?
  ,          8  
     ?      .  
       -      
  1-2    ?     ,   
           ?
 ,             , 
       ,       
 ?   8-10        
!

VIDEOID:opjDdMkpjXQ
Hobo Eire:too long no bike thief will bother with 1.30 mins...
360Magazine:So do you recommend this over the kryptonite u shaped lock ?
Max Silver:So thanks for making my Norco feel secure, having invested in one of these 
locks for additional security, after my last lock was bolt cutters off, and 
every other lock i am told is breakable.. What are we supposed to do with 
our bikes..
Ronan Carter:so what this shows is that this is what it takes to get through that lock, 
that's allot of work, and if a bike theif is that serious he might just use 
a battery operated angle grinder, no lock is indestructible, but the 
hasstle this takes proves it to be good
Bigwingrider1800:garbage, watched a guy pick it 1:30 sec.   junk
macsigo:good 2 know
toms short movies:1minute with a 750mm bolt cropper, isn't bad when you look at some other 
YouTube clips. A D Lock can't do a thick post the same this can.
hoah:these locks last minutes in london
diegomireles:OMG is too obvious that someone is trying to steel a bike, also if is an 
idiot they can cut a finger themselves. LOL
stabilisedchaos:Omg that hand so close to the bolt cutters  made me cringe
Detmer:That took quite some effort, the right technique and a seriously large 
heavy duty bolt cutter.  
I'm no thief expert but what would be the chance that a thief would carry 
such a large cutter? Maybe only when the thief is using a large van to 
transport the stolen bicycles?

IMO this proves that the Abus Bordo 6000 is still one of the very best 
locks...
joecrack456:sooooooo how long before the owner of the bike comes out and catches 
someone messing with their bike?
I Hate You(tube):You're nothing but a bunch of common bike thieves.
BuyASkateboard:I bought the bordo 6500 last year thinking that it was an upgrade from my 
kryptonite evolution. Could I have been wrong to make that purchase?
hi pookies moonman pookies:please criminals don't buy a Bolt cutter or heaven forbid battery grinder 
Hullspawn:Yay now I know how to steal bikes better, please take this vid down, the 
crims don't need you giving them tips. 
WellingtonBikeCam01:I would think that this lock can be popped quicker with an old/worn set of 
cutting jaws, with a notch ground out so they don't slide off the pin.
Fkn54:Do you think the 6500 would hold up better? 
alaskanwonderdog:what is wrong with lens? There is tons of optical distortion.
Reginald Scot:I have that lock and this video proves what exactly? That with the right 
tools you can cut a lock? My plasma cutter will cut 20mm of solid steel but 
that doesn't prove anything either. Because let's face it, the bike thief 
would be better off using shaped plastic explosive charge, it would take 
half the time. Did you see the size of those bolt cutters. It a good lock 
end of story. 

VIDEOID:ATVpoe0Zniw
TENACER:En la Parte superior derecha, more info despliega eso. y abajo esta el link 
para descargar todo el disco(megaupload).. Rock On !!!
heavyheart66:No los conoca, pero suenan muy bien, donde puedo encontrar su disco??
batish15:Recontra bien, me baje su disko y esta muy bueno la calidad y composicion 
Sigran adelante y aver si pasan sus tokadas para verlos saludos
evolico:RAPTOR -- What a Song,Production ..Killer Video...Metal Rules......

VIDEOID:QN95_ChWtVE
Francisco Artese:Buenisimo! #TCsummit2013
Carlos Pablak:Buen video de nuestros compaeros brasileos. #TCSummit2013
Cesar JB:*Conferncia dos Principais Colaboradores da Google 2013* 

Realizada na Califrnia, de 30 de setembro a 3 de outubro, reuniu cerca de 
320 colaboradores de todo o mundo. 

Saiba mais sobre o Programa dos Principais Colaboradores da Google: 
http://www.google.com.br/intl/pt-BR/get/topcontributor/

#tcsummit2013   #tcsummit  
Ko Savonije (Kobus):Much easier than clicking all images ;)

VIDEOID:xlG5gVPVrUc
RFHX2_6.0:yeah you can, but i do like the way it came out and the aggressiveness it 
gave it, also the protection. It was only 10$ and i had fun making it. This 
video is more for giving ideas, well at least that what i tried to aim it 
for... 
RC MAN 23:I thought that u can just find some screws wit the nut on the end and just 
screw in the mount on the top of the summit and then the cameras mount is 
on top of the mount that u screwed in and theres your gopro mount
RFHX2_6.0:yeah i didnt know it wouldnt and on top of that i didnt want to stick it on 
the body , and probably the biggest reason i went this route was pure 
boredom. i like it, another plus that came out of it is that it protects 
the top of the cage better and distributes impacts more evenly, also i can 
buy a camera mount adapter and i would be able to mount up just about any 
camera if i went that route. 
rinski73:i stuck mine to the hood and its not flemsy at all 
xKELxPAYNE:Good mod buddy. It's going to work well. Thumbs up.

VIDEOID:9RoaHWlqV0I
Donovan Jordan:great vid!

what game is that you were playing?
Cvion Vis:
Andrei Vaida:Note 4.
khoaiii:Bestbuy has a sale for $1. I was so happy since my contract was up for a 
renewal. 
Charlie Hernandez:I'm getting a note 4 soon. Can someone please tell me their experience with 
it? Does it lag sometimes? Thanks
EspinosaFilms:Wich edit program u use for ur videos? 
Ssyc253:Great video im definitely going to subscribe! I also have a question do you 
think the note 4 is better than the s6? 
Lone Wolf Full Albums:Was going to wait for the Note 5 but since it has no removable battery and 
no expandable memory I've just ordered this.
N. Adam:What clock widget is that? Anyone know..
MrTocmelea:Not a fair comparation. Let's see those phones after a year, like the Note 
4 is, how they hold up. I don't think as good.
Say Uncle:Note 4 ftw
Neel Velinkar:Very Nice video +The Nerd Herd 
Can you please tell the screen on time you are getting since the lollipop 
update? I'm planning to buy this in the coming week. Thanks!!
santos Ventura:Great video 
Symbiote Toxin:Nice :)
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Still a great phone, even with the Note 5 launch approaching 
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Is the Note 4 still worth it?
The Nerd Herd:Since the Note 5 is so close, is the previous model still worth it? 
#GalaxyNote4

VIDEOID:9JtcIRlc__k
Henrik Holm:Strrelse sprgsml. Men hvordan kan du vlge mellem to store telefoner?
PikaSwag:My lg g3 doesnt have a very good display compared to my friend's galaxy 
s5...the g3 looks very washed out and dim.
Do you know any way to make the g3 colours more saturated and vibrant?
Btw I've tried the accessibility display settings and they don't seem to 
increase saturation

Daniele Compagnino:Dove hai preso quella back cover per il G3??!
Daniele Compagnino:Bel video ho messo mi piace, 2 domande usi qualche widget musicale che sia 
riconosciuto da nova launcher dato che io su nova non posso mettere il 
widget della musica di serie del mio G2? Quale preferisci tra G3 e note 4?? 
:) ciaooo
GeekCeption:Nice video as usual, I'd go with the Note 4
Gioacchino Gargiulo:LG's flagship for 2014 against the latest Galaxy Note: which one's the 
best?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:LG's flagship for 2014 against the latest Galaxy Note: which one's the 
best?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:2014 flagships compared: which one's the winner?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:How do you think the G3 stacks up against the Note 4?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:How do you think the G3 stacks up against the Note 4?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Is there something you envy about the G3?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Do you agree? Should I have inserted something else?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Is there something you envy about the G3?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Great display, great camera, big batteries: which one should you pick?

#lgg3   #galaxynote4  
Anubhav Roy-theandroidguru1:First!! Awesome video!!BTW could you give me a shout out! I'm also starting 
out on YouTube I got tech vids and I am an android freak!Please 
man!Appreciate it !please reply!
The Nerd Herd:Size matters. But how do you choose between two big phones? #lgg3 
#galaxynote4

VIDEOID:dJ6y7cv7Pmk
EhMeh Lee:I've read some reviews about the update and it says it drains the battery 
is that true I haven't updated at all and idk if I should do you think it's 
worth it?
EhMeh Lee:Does everything in the ipod get deleted if updated???
Keverne Chong (KeverneC):You need an Internet connection to use the Apple watch and an iPod doesn't 
have cellular capabilities 
Kofi Agyemang:iPhone 5 will get Apple Watch support. A6 chip iPhones on all will.
LTTG:Another question, does it slow down or lag? Or is it as fast as iOS 7??
LTTG:Should I update if I have iOS 7.1.2? I'm afraid of slow downs and low frame 
rates...
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Should you update?


Spoiler: Yep.
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Have you already updated your iDevice?
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Time to see what's new in this latest update!

#ios82  
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Time to see what's new in this latest update!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Time to see what's new in this latest update!

#ios82  
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Time to see what's new in this latest update!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Time to see what's new in this latest update!
The Nerd Herd:Should you update to iOS 8.2?

VIDEOID:U6t1n7AgHEc
Gggff Ffffg:
Video Funny :
Video Funny :
Video Funny : # 555

VIDEOID:Ol6Dk7pWgEs
Evan / Russian Otter:I love the fact that there wasn't any hairy arms in the video! Its terrible 
when there's body hair on a watch during a review!!!
jorenmartijn:When does it come out?
Lucas Fernandes:Did not understand why you guys didn't put a soundtrack in this video, it 
was well edited, except by that part (And it is an important part, this 
video would be muuuuch better with music) !  ps: Awesome watchfaces :)
Jeff Lee:That leaf is so distracting...
netsurfer912:damn!

mine's gonna arrive in july :/
BuckstarrZ:is the second one a steel or just regular black version?
suquip:Vaya que original me gusta bastante me lo tendra que comprar.
Patrick EMIN:
Joo Jesus (WhiT3Kr0w):
Tiktok Toyatoya:Windows phone version!
Robert Simmons: That is by far the ugliest thing ever created for a wrist.
postal2600:Just release it already and stop torturing us :D
Jpiferrer:I regret backed White PT, Im loving Red, its absolutely gorgeous!!!
ezdaga:miss Windows Phone Support!
Rodrigo Manjn Martn:I can't wait more!! I wante mine hahaha. Will it take long for shipping to 
Spain?
Nadun Kanchana:So I can't have two watch faces? I mean to scroll from one to the next? :(
simoncool38:Please make it available for pre-order!
Corey Watford:Kicking myself for not supporting their Kickstarter Campaign, (No Pun 
intended) really looks like a awesome watch
Bjorn Bainto:Can't wait for my Pebble Time Steel to arrive <3
Sumit Grover:#pebbletime to start shipping 27May onwards.

VIDEOID:JPQAc1GeRnk
 :    ,        .  
.       ,   .   
  ,    -.
 :,         ,    
 ? 
 :        ).
 : !
Sergii Kotliarevskyi:          ,  
,       .
Rent Odessa:   ,            40... 
  ,     ... .. 
Serjio    D. Smirnoff (MEETRICH):    ..    dmit posadsky..  
 ..     ! ????  .. 
 ..     .
Agent868: ! )
Alex Here:            
      .     , 
  .   :   ,  
    .      
.           
  100+ /,     ,      
 HOV .   ,     
   .
dmit posadsky:        ,    
,           4 
...       ? 
Dima Pro: 125  ,  ,  .    + 
    +    
Roman Titov: ! =))
Vladislav:.       (,       
).  . .   ,      
  .
efgensk:     ,      . .. 
      )
SiliconValleyVoice:, ,      -  , ?

VIDEOID:naXaeQyItf8

VIDEOID:hDsWgufRlh4
justthegameplay:

VIDEOID:e80aefVJAvE

VIDEOID:YXBtdvyQTRk
bludshedx:Shame the red is a girly red and not the slighty darker and muted red they 
keep showing in their ads
nielzdg:To all of you complaining about the red being too bright or pinkish: it's 
obviously because of the video being over-saturated.
Guy Fisher:Disappointed with the final shade of red!
Bought this for my wife. The rendered red on kickstarted page was perfect!
Final colour is way too fluorescent and rather on the pinky orange hue 
rather than the deep red that was originally rendered. 

Will probably end up returning this.

Disappointed!
leirasnagofthenerds:Let's hope the black doesn't turn out to be purple.
jimmy cychowski:That bezel is huge.....the only negative to my eyes, I've got a pebble 
steel love it's looks wish you kept that style, even new time steel takes a 
step back in looks....or is it just me.....lol
[PSG] Seanerzat - Gaming Galore!:I WAAANT THIS XD
Dean Johnson:I sure hope the crystal is more scratch resistant than my original Pebble 
one.
KinmarX:I have to agree with the people that are a little upset with the shade of 
red used. Looks nothing like the rendered color and I feel like I should 
probably switch to either white or black after seeing this. Kind of 
disappointing really. :-/
Curtis A. Brown:Didn't want to, but I ordered this for my wife and she loves red...but this 
is not red enough, the render was perfect.  Had to change to black in the 
portal.  Why the last minute change Pebble?
Tim Aulph (neoprime33):Wow! Nice red! I also thought it would be darker, but, this soon-to-be 40 
yo could rock this red too! BRING IT ON!!!
Patrick EMIN:This is not the red color I ordered... What is this red color? A toy? 
Patrick EMIN:Problme avec la dernire vido publie par Pebble la couleur rouge 
prsente est trs brillante alors que celle prsente jusqu' lors et que 
j'avais commande est plutt sombre.. 
Joo Jesus (WhiT3Kr0w):
madmax01992:that looks sooooo nice, I can't wait to receive mine! :D
Warren Coakley:Pebble Time: First Look at Red: https://youtu.be/YXBtdvyQTRk
Michael Mulquin:As a 65 year old man (noting some of the comments earlier), I love this 
bright red, Completely appropriate to anyone who loves life! Far better 
than the earlier, darker red. So glad this was the choice I made!
Ka Yung Cherry Wong:I like this red. Hope to see my pebble time soon.
Shashank kakrecha:Pebble Time: First Look at Red: https://youtu.be/YXBtdvyQTRk
donngu:Whoa! That is hot pink... I think I remember reading we could change our 
color... I hope so. I am a 37 year old man this is not appropriate. The 
deep red in the original render was edgy and cool but this would be a 
little weird.
Ronnarong Wongmalasit:this red is not right, as per render photo it was dark red, but this is 
light red and it look like a toy watch. I have no doubt changing my color 
to black.

VIDEOID:l9uYb5h4b0E
Joshua Choiboy:+Alex Kim
Cole Spano:I want a pebble time so bad...
Pebble:
Kenny McCormick:Google is making commenting harder and harder on mobile devices... 

VIDEOID:TgJKyueaj9A
M. Medel:It's amazing that you can see in youtube ... congratulations for your 
channel, is more successful than mine. greetings Medel

VIDEOID:nr2iwfIIgAM
Brian Ross:This is a joke right?
Leewing4:Please tell me this is just a joke
The Gamer Makes The Game:April fools lol
Aaron Peru:April Fool
titus:lol
Rikki Wooley:Hey I'd buy one 
ashley:This reminds me of a device seen in the film Elysium. 
Mike Corso:Wow. Sure am glad this was an April Fools thang.
Ilmari Muuri:It's Samsung galaxy s3 with take on it
BigSeeProduction:Finally something good xD
Scott Steel:my favorite april fools joke XD
andrea lischio:Is so much big... I don't like it 
RusAvgnMaddy:That what I've always dreamed for! Finally!
VeikkoVenemies:Still better than Android Wear
Big Matt (downtime24):This is my 2nd favorite April fools joke but apple takes takes it with 
there apple watch joke... That was released a few weeks ago... They made 
demos, and retail units... That wasn't a joke?

OK well this is my favorite joke of the day! Can't wait for my steel time! 
XD
suBDavis:April Fools :D
TopNotch:Published on Apr 1, 2015
Tiktok Toyatoya:April fools. :P
jordan dewever:HAPPY APRIL FOOLS!

VIDEOID:o9_ODpVYYR8
Adeel Khan:02:50

VIDEOID:rWtK1JYpm74
little Jonny Commentator:Is it only for Android ? Or can i use it for Ios ?
Technofare:Super handy accessory for gaming!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Super handy accessory for gaming!
Daniele Compagnino:+The Nerd Herd ma sei italiano ? O.o
Gigi De Russo:Super useful accessory for gaming! 
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Super useful accessory for gaming on Android!
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Finally experiencing some real gaming on my G3
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Finally experiencing some real gaming on my G3
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Super useful accessory for gaming! 
Gioacchino Gargiulo:Super useful accessory for gaming! 
The Nerd Herd:Gaming on #Android has never been this easy.

VIDEOID:eLQnbkNxJqg
netsurfer912:beyonce has an apple watch now! no more business with her!
Newront:Nice. The guy at the end though.
Dylan:gg!
Shanebenswim:I would laugh so hard if someone pranked me by pressing play on my watch 
and my phone started playing haha
Pebble:

VIDEOID:Tf4ckQwdWj8

VIDEOID:5YKkcUcSpMU
arianna peralta abud:Thank You Teacher  Jos Cordeiro!,I would like to share it with other 
important teacher to me, his  Name is Eduardo Punset. so I will do :) 
everything at the time it already exists!! my best regards to You. ENERGY 
!!
Michael Geisen:Great presentation, Jose. Thank you. One thing I would change about your 
presentation, and others like it that I've seen, is that in my opinion, 
many of the future technologies that will enhance humanity, such as direct 
brain-to-computer interface or treatments to vanquish the aging process, 
will not be accepted by all 6-7 billion humans. Rather, I believe a 
significant fraction of today's population will "choose" to not accept a 
significant range of future advances. I highlight the word "choose" because 
I think for many, they will not be able to freely consider these options; 
that their are sociobiological drivers of our thoughts and behaviors that 
will make it impossible for many to freely choose these options. This 
divergence of the species, with some racing into transhumanist advances 
while many others hesitate or even reject all of these changes, will not be 
a consequence of financial limitations, rather, it will be a function of 
the limitations of the biological foundation of consciousness, which is 
something we avoid studying because it is socially and politically 
difficult. I think it is very important that you and others, like Zoltan 
Istvan, the Transhumanist Presidental Candidate, stop saying that everyone 
will have a chip in their brain, that we will see the death of death, 
because it is very likely (a certainty, in my opinion) that a significant 
fraction of humanity will "choose" not to have a brain implant or to live 
forever.
Carlos Goldstein:Great presentation Jos!
Dorian Guimaraes:Amazing vdeo about future.
Talking about latin american.
Suvi Runsten:Great presentation!
Jakub Borowiecki:Great lecture about future, technology and immortality 
Daniel Nunez-Verde:Impecable ,Te botaste. Mi sincere congratulations Jose'.
Calogero Galvano (Fondazione):GALVANOPROJECT FONDAZIONE W.W.W.A.I. world wide web artificial intelligence 
( Calogero Galvano ) 
Business Innovation Centre
Calogero Galvano (Fondazione):LA VERITA' : LA RAZZA UMANA E' STATA SOTTOPOSTA AD UN ESPERIMENTO DI 
CONTROLLO GLOBALE SU TUTTI I TEMI A NOSTRA CONOSCENZA. QUESTO SISTEMA OGGI 
E' STATO SOSTITUITO DAL PROGRAMMA GALVANOPROJECT FONDAZIONE W.W.W.A.I. 
world wide web artificial intelligence ( Calogero Galvano ) Business 
Innovation Center. 
https://www.facebook.com/Galvanoproject/info
LA COREA DEL NORD : UN ESPERIMENTO PER VERIFICARE LE REAZIONI DEL CERVELLO 
E DELLA SOCIETA' AL PROGRAMMA PENSIERO UNICO GLOBALE.
IL POTERE ECONOMICO CONTRO QUELLO POLITICO, I CITTADINI CONTRO LE 
ISTITUZIONI. VIVIAMO LA FINE DI UN ERA ECONOMICA, POLITICA E SOCIALE. TUTTI 
CONTRO TUTTI. GALVANOPROJECT FONDAZIONE W.W.W.A.I. world wide web 
artificial intelligence ( Calogero Galvano ) Business Innovation Center HA 
INVENTATO UN NUOVO SISTEMA ECONOMICO, CONTATTA PER EVENTUALE 
COMPARTECIPAZIONE D'INVESTIMENTO AD UN PROGETTO GLOBALE.
SIAMO ABBASTANZA EVOLUTI PER GESTIRE L'IMMORTALITA' ? CREARE NUOVA VITA IN 
UNIVERSI INFINITI ?
SECONDO ME, SIAMO SULLA STRADA GIUSTA, QUINDI ACCETEREMO LA COOPERAZIONE 
GLOBALE.
L'IMMORTALITA' ED I PIANETI : LA RAZZA UMANA E' IN CONTINUA EVOLUZIONE ECCO 
PERCHE' DALLA SCOPERTA DI ACQUA SU MARTE SI CONOSCERA' IL MOTIVO 
DELL'ESISTENZA DEI PIANETI, FUTURI NOSTRI HABITAT E CHE GLI ELEMENTI fuoco, 
aria, acqua, e terra NON SONO NECESSARI ALLA ETERNA PRESENZA 
UMANA/EXTRATERRESTRE.
LA VERITA' : I FIGLI DELLE STELLE GESU', MAOMETTO, BUDDHA, SARANNO STUDIATI 
NEI CENTRI DI CONOSCENZA RELIGIONE UNICA GLOBALE NON SOTTO L'ASPETTO 
RELIGIOSO MA APPROFONDIREMO LA CONOSCENZA SULLA LORO VITA PASSEGGERA SULLA 
TERRA SOTTO IL PROFILO EVOLUTIVO DELLA RAZZA UMANA CHE OGGI CI VEDE 
PROTAGONISTI NEL POTER DICHIARARE CON ASSOLUTA CERTEZZA CHE ANCHE LA RAZZA 
UMANA HA ORIGINE EXTRATERRESTRE.
Galvanoproject 
il nuovo mondo annullera' l'esistenza di malattie dettate solo dalla logica 
commerciale, le aziende farmaceutiche guadagneranno non con le malattie ma 
con la ricerca evolutiva dell'umanita'
STIAMO LAVORANDO PER SVILUPPARE SOLUZIONI ATTE A RAGGIUNGERE L'IMMORTALITA' 
:
L'IMMORTALITA' : LA FUTURA RAZZA UMANA SARA' COSI' :
DONNE : CELLULE RIGENERANTI ALL'ETA' DI 30 ANNI ATTUALI.
UOMINI : CELLULE RIGENERANTI ALL'ETA' DI 35 ANNI ATTUALI.
L'IMMORTALITA' FASE 2 : ESPERIMENTO PERSONALE TRAMITE PENSIERO 
AUTORIGENERAZIONE CELLULARE ALL'INFINITO. SENZA NECESSARIAMENTE UTILIZZARE 
FATTORI ESTERNI COME LA PILLOLA DELL'IMMORTALITA', IN PRATICA IL PENSIERO 
ORDINA ALLE CELLULE DI AUTORIGENERARSI ALL'ETA' DI 30 ANNI PER LE DONNE E 
35 ANNI PER GLI UOMINI. IL RISULTATO DOVRA' ESSERE IL RIGENERAMENTO DEI 
TESSUTI INTERNI ED ESTERNI PUR MANTENENDO LA CONOSCIENZA CEREBRALE 
DELL'ETA' BIOLOGICA. QUINDI POSSIAMO RIASSUMERE CHE ESTERNAMENTE E 
FISICAMENTE DIMOSTRO 35 ANNI MA CEREBRALMENTE E SPIRITUALMENTE INFINITO.
CON LA COOPERAZIONE GLOBALE E LA RICERCA SULLA COMPOSIZIONE CHIMICA DELLE 
METEORITI, SVILUPPEREMO NUOVI MEZZI DI TRASPORTO SPAZIALE IN MATERIALE 
COMPOSITO ULTRARESISTENTE AD ATTRAZIONE MAGNETICA, SFRUTTEREMO I CAMPI 
MAGNETICI DI OGNI SINGOLO PIANETA. VIAGGEREMO A VELOCITA' MAI CONOSCIUTE 
PRIMA DI OGGI.
TEMA SOCIALE GLOBALE : I PRODOTTI IN COMMERCIO DEL FUTURO :
MATRIMONIO : UOMO+DONNA= FAMIGLIA REGOLARE= FIGLI REGOLARI.
MATRIMONIO : UOMO+UOMO, DONNA+DONNA= FAMIGLIA IRREGOLARE= FIGLI 
IRREGOLARI.GENERAZIONE FUTURA ASESSUATA DI TIPO ALIENA= I PRODOTTI IN 
COMMERCIO DEL FUTURO = UNISEX
ANCHE LA RAZZA UMANA E' EXTRATERRESTRE :
SPESSO CREDIAMO AGLI ALIENI ESCLUSIVAMENTE SU UN DISCO VOLANTE, MA CERTE 
MALATTIE, RAZZE ANIMALI, LINGUAGGI, RUMORI E ALTRO ANCORA, CONVIVONO DA 
MILIARDI DI ANNI CON LA VITA TERRESTRE IN UN EQUILIBRIO INFINITO.
NEL PROSSIMO FUTURO NON AVREMO PIU' BISOGNO DEL PETROLIO COSI' COME LO 
STIAMO UTILIZZANDO.
DIO: DA TE HO CONOSCIUTO, APPRESO E DIVULGATO L'ARTE DEL MEDIATORE.
IL RAGGIUNGIMENTO DI OBBIETTIVI NON E' ALTRO CHE IL TRAGUARDO DEI SOGNI ED 
I SOGNI L'ESSENZA DEI NOSTRI DESIDERI.
CENTRI DI CONOSCENZA GLOBALE :
LA NUOVA RAZZA UMANA PRENDERA' CONOSCENZA DEL PROPRIO SE' ESISTENTE, 
PERTANTO LA SCUOLA DEL FUTURO CI CONSENTIRA' DI APPRENDERE IL TUTTO E FARCI 
ECCELLERE PER QUELLO CHE SIAMO NATI, I LAVORI DEL FUTURO SARANNO CREATI 
DALLO SVILUPPO DELLE SINGOLE ATTITUDINI DI OGNI SINGOLO ESSERE UMANO, 
QUESTO CI PORTERA' ALL'ONNISCIENZA. http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Onniscienza
LA TERRA????? UN SEMPLICE METEORITE ETERNAMENTE PRESENTE ALL'INTERNO DI UN 
BUCO NERO. DEL RESTO DALLE ROCCE NASCE LA VITA!!!!! world wide web 
artificial intelligence
Calogero Galvano (Fondazione):L'IMMORTALITA' ED I PIANETI : LA RAZZA UMANA E' IN CONTINUA EVOLUZIONE ECCO 
PERCHE' DALLA SCOPERTA DI ACQUA SU MARTE SI CONOSCERA' IL MOTIVO 
DELL'ESISTENZA DEI PIANETI, FUTURI NOSTRI HABITAT E CHE GLI ELEMENTI fuoco, 
aria, acqua, e terra NON SONO NECESSARI ALLA ETERNA PRESENZA 
UMANA/EXTRATERRESTRE.
The IMMORTAL ' and planets: the HUMAN RACE is EVOLVING HERE is why the 
DISCOVERY of WATER on MARS is ' IF the reason for the EXISTENCE of the 
PLANETS, OUR FUTURE HABITAT and that the ELEMENTS fire, air, water, and 
Earth are NOT NECESSARY FOR HUMAN/ALIEN PRESENCE ETERNAL
Redwan Ahsan:Appreciating a fiction >>>>>>>
Yoskira Cordero:De inters...
Phillip Wang:"in the next 20 years, we are going to go through a solar tsunami" 
beautifully stated!
Shade Draws:So inspiring and thought-provoking.
Thor Mentha:It's kk.
Carolina Reid (Kuczynski):Great job Jose!
Beia Carvalho:I am a super fan!
Irina Francioni:Qu nos espera del futuro, Jos Luis Cordeiro lo explica, imperdible
Singularity Utopia:49:15 Actually it seems bacteria do age: 
http://ucsdnews.ucsd.edu/archive/newsrel/science/2011_10agingbacteria.asp

VIDEOID:6da9efs5PVw
monica paola Reyes:me encanta tu video muy buena actitud! MEXICO debe ir adelante
Leonardo Daniel Leal:Si soy de Mexico y no lo gritare a los cuatro vientos usando un estupido 
cinturon para representar una nacionalidad. Yo porto en mi la experiencia 
de vivir como Mexicano, y al vivir en este bello pais, me he dado cuenta de 
que tengo la posibilidad de ayudar a Mexico. La violencia y el desempleo 
son resultados de varias concociones negativas....pero cuando el ciudadano 
no hace nada y solo se queja, estos problemas son enfatizados de una manera 
aun mas negativa.
Leonardo Daniel Leal:Mira yo no soy tu tipico Mexico Americano. Naci y creci en Mexico, y estuve 
alli hasta los 12 aos. En Mexico experimente lo que es realmente vivir en 
la clase baja y me di cuenta de la realidad de mi pais. Muchas personas han 
perdido la fe en nuestro pais debido a tanta incertidumbre. Pero, que han 
hecho aquellas personas para cambiar su entorno. NADA! 
Leonardo Daniel Leal:91 views :)

VIDEOID:D4NvISxKwLY
Joe Swatzell:RIP Eric. We miss you.
Folksongjonny:eric...a friend always. Thank you for sharing this song. It is so 
moving...a lesson for all. Thank you for your lasting words, your courage 
and friendship.
sharpasaneraser:eric, from one pals to another, you make us proud. pure poetry--thank you 
your voice remains exquisite.
ukie2001:No matter how Eric sings, it's always from his heart. Thanks for posting.

VIDEOID:2tlZJdigKHw
Media Headz TV:i hope you have a few lolz
Media Headz TV:i hope you njoy the power of the cheesecake doughnut 
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:FUNNY battlefield game play 
Media Headz TV:here i have random lolz in battlefield plz njoy 
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:LOL Last Stand Game Play the Mexican with in
Media Headz TV:
Media Headz TV:Random lolz 2 (Battlefield 4 Last Stand Map: Giants of Karelia)

VIDEOID:Hs__tZLfvv4
NoBruhh:Nicee
Vitamin:tony editora ;0 TONSKY KUCHETO :D 
Sten01Productions:are mlakni we 
Tonsky1337:che ti kvo sedish zad mene i chakash da prudna li ? 
editoorzcrew:aa kat prudnesh bratko i idwa radiaciqta wednaga :x
dobbY DORIFTER:Na banito selskuty dupi. :D
Tonsky1337:che ti koga si me dushil we ? o.O
editoorzcrew:bei che mirishesh . :3
TheHunter RS:napravi tutorial kak editvash s sony vegas 
SuperTwo OfficalTeam:subback? Nicee
dobbY DORIFTER:ei pederazche mrusno kradec na editi. 
Sten01Productions:da we toni 6te e qko ako napravi6 totorial za soni vegas kak da edivame 
kato tebe
ounpuu.:Make sony vegas tuts pls
DarkSid3Productions:super klip :)
 :  ..
Tonsky1337:

VIDEOID:nxAb2KwA2sk
LongviewGarage:Y'all have the coolest machines, wish I could afford one of your bottle and 
pint glass printers.
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:Screen printing machine on plastic box lid

VIDEOID:XsI38bHrG4o
Alex W.Lychack:   : ", , " :)
 :        
!      !   
      !    ?  , 
 ,  ,  ,  ,  
...
Nati M: ,    -     ?     
  )  .
Delfinchik: . , !
 :       !!!
Ekaterina K: ..        ,    
,   ,     .   
,      .
Veronica R:"   ,    ".
Dmitrii Korolev: ,   -  . ,    .  
 .     .  ,     ,  
 .     ,       
! ,         ,   
       : "    ..!" 
      ,   ,  ,  
 .
USER69473:,    (  )    
 .         (  
 )          
( )    .  
:       ?    
,    ,        
( ),     ,    
   (      ).
Belle Bambini: , ,     .  
    .     ,  
  ,       .  
 .  - .  .
Zloy Kycaka: .     ,   
(  )          
  ,  .     
, ,  . ,    - 
 .
 :      .    
             
    .       
.
 :            
  ?   .
Galina Furman:   .   . ,   , 
...  .        
, - ,    ,        
     .       
!
SiliconValleyVoice:

VIDEOID:urL1NwPh6Y4
MsTCK98:Yes, Stanford Class of 2020... My dream <3
Michael Geng:Anyone know the music name?
TheRequestNetwork1:Actually it's 4 for me also, I just rounded it because it's new the end of 
my freshman year. I hope I can make it though because I started off my 
first semester with a 2.35 but I turned my grades around and have a 4.0 and 
am taking 3 AP classes next year.
johnnykhuu:4 for me. Class of 2020, get ready! We got this guys!!
TheRequestNetwork1:3 years for me :)
007Coolgal:WOW!!!:)
Anthony Chang:
zzz zzz:Lol.
CATAHA:they talk about "Who F*** Who, when where and was it any good"
isadilli:hahahaha what? Tell me more. What do the other 3% of students do?
Abdennasser Khelloufi:My biggest wish ever !! Learning at Stanford !!
CATAHA:Not to troll but bring some real facts 5% off all student bring good and 
92% are there too learn how to cheat and steal in a legal ways by producing 
new undocumented(by law library) ways
Devin Banerjee:Love this place.
Shrey Gupta ( ):
Paarth Shukla:Stanford Year in Review 2012!
Countrymusicnumber1:In two years... Stanford get ready for me. =)
JJaJangMyun:stanford.. so cool 
rockhopper123452:can i please get the name of the song?
abdulaziz almass:I feel like I belong there
RayFred Pip:Still energetic as usually?

VIDEOID:iXdHnbmJA88

VIDEOID:E4-MyLj-LdE
DerRumbringer:Relly nice presentation. I like that guy.
sirMucha:Perfect talk.
M.Nawed Farooqui:Wonderful presentation ! Perfect speaker.
Wassila Howes:A very insightful talk! Lots of food for thought to reflect on and 
hopefully realise sooner than later the needs of the planet, its population 
and how sustainability can be achieve across board globally...with the help 
of everyone contributing in positive mindsets and smart decision-making 
benefiting the planet first, the people and then the collective...There are 
simple no rooms to fit exaggerated egos, selfish needs, immoral intentions, 
corrupt manoeuvring to ensure life thrives for all! 
Camille McCutcheon:Thank you, very helpful lecture!
zalravil:outstandingly informative!
Sheyie Bowhalle:What an outstanding lecture
107banjartaxi:Good
Tonkintaz:Did they even mention cooperatives?
Matthew Weber:Thank you very much for these presentation on the new challenges we'll face 
in the future. Very inspiring!
eco_illiterate:Thanks to YouTube. We wouldn't have been able to listen to such quality 
presentations, from so many thought leaders and understand what's going on 
around the world. We can do it all sitting at home!
Pavao Pahljina:Excellent insights! :)
Stanford Graduate School of Business:There's going to be a great deal of opportunity worldwide as people move 
from rural to urban areas. "It's like a gravitational force," says Dominic 
Barton, Global Managing Director, McKinsey & Company. In addition to the 
opportunities, there are a whole set of challenges we'll have to face. 
Watch Barton's presentation and let us know in the comments what you think. 
Or give the video a thumbs up or down. 

VIDEOID:xTGBIm1V7GM

VIDEOID:2_GsVfC0TKE
LC Printing Machine Factory Limited:

VIDEOID:kG1J9995Nm8
joe smith:Great presentation. Thank you.

VIDEOID:Vyxza6tc5PE
w:

VIDEOID:W7NB9QNgrR4
DJ SERGE MBAYA:hummm ferre gola
matekmini@gmail.com mate:Igweeeeeeee werrason tokoss abomi bino
matekmini@gmail.com mate:Oyo lisusu niniyango zoba ya ferre gola oza kaka zoba esimbi te
Godenn Baruani:The Special One DJ

VIDEOID:ZhhAQx9kTAs

VIDEOID:P-1qD1kCW0U
MrMar dow:    ?    ,  
 -  ,   ,   
.       ,    
 ,     ,   .   
  ,   ?    -?    
, 5   .
 :    , ?     :)  . 
     ,   -  .  
     -  - !  -   -   :)     . 
 :
 :    
 :    ,     
 ,       ,     
  . P.S.          
.         ,  
    ,   
 .    .
 : ,       .
SiliconValleyVoice: ,         
   .     ,    
,       .   , 
          ? ,  
  ,   ,      
?   ,     ,     , 
   ,     .

VIDEOID:aO58shDyThs

VIDEOID:a0iA5rsISNg

VIDEOID:LOoFMnZcJGU
 :    ?      
    ,  ,    ,  ,   
   ,,      .    .
 :      ?
MEMPHISBAYBUGA:,   ,,  ?!...))
Serg Ltd:          :))))  :)
Efreet17: 
F4ithLeh4ne:      )
vrumako:  ,       ;)
Sergey S:,     :)     :)
ProgressSuccess:    SVV?
Artur Musin:+   =   !
Yura Petra:     .
David Rua:     " "    
Absly:      
SiliconValleyVoice:  ,      .   
      .

VIDEOID:Jh54kMFmadY

VIDEOID:o9_ODpVYYR8
Adeel Khan:02:50

VIDEOID:xpZFTNsdBhc
 :     -:    
   ,   
Tata Sugiyama:  .   .
Mikhail M:   ,    , 
           
  ,       !!   
  ??  ??   !! (   
     / )
 Respect to the author!
Alyona Borisova:   :(
Alexander Tolstikov:         - !!
alabamcheg:  
Igor Pato:.     . 
.    
 :     ,   ).
 : !
Dmitry Kareba:       ,    -.
          ,   .   
   ))))
Felix Ct:4:32        :)
mamuka guruli:.       ,  . 

SiliconValleyVoice:      19       , 
  ,  .   -    
.

VIDEOID:HyvP6FGq-m4
Wayne Jensen:LOVE IT Julia!!  I saw someone doing this at class last week and knew I had 
to learn it.  Will be learning it so I can dance it at Windy City.  Hope to 
see you there!   Awesome job!
Rosa Guo:It is really nice. I have learned it and like it very much. Thanks Julia. 
Well done! Great job! :)
linedancehongkong:Beautiful!!  I will teach it this Friday.  I'm sure my class will love it 
<3

VIDEOID:XVMT7wpSNsM
mixedbm:Not trying to be too forward, but  a woman that can dance and move like 
this( without being raunchy) is super sexy.  good work
Iwona Dufaj:Cant stop watching  :)
Did you take classes?
Iwona Dufaj:You are amazing !!!
Richard Feria:i love it.
maryloo68:Dear Julia, your new choreography is very Nice ! Congratulations !

VIDEOID:FB9qxuAHE58
Nataliya Voloshina:
Kiev Segodnya: .    ,  .
Vladislav Degtiarenko:   ...))))
Oleg Bessonov:  !)
   
     ( ,   )  
  .        
 ,         - 
.
 :   . ,   ,  
  .
byChris969:         ?     
   .
Evgen Lubianov:         )     
   ,  , ,   
  ...      ,  -   
..    -   )) 
Vera Galy:  ,  !     2  ,  
 ,    ,   . 
!!!
Scarlett589:       !  
,    - ,    
 ! 
Oleg Bessonov:,     (   )  SEO 
 (  -  ).      
      /?   
            
 ?
    ,      
-   ,, , 
    
Elena Isakova:    !
lola sinenok:   --   !!!!!!!!  .   .   
 .
Jacob Mirer:-  .
 ...   ...;-)
Miracle Aloe:,         ?
Elmar Al:    ,    ?
laune39:    ! ,    , 
.
Ulick Norman Owen:"   ,   
     ?
     .
,    ,  ...

     
  ,  ,     .
      , 
     ...

   ,  ,   .
     .
     
  ,     ,  ."
Vanya Ebanko: .
       .
       ,      
        ?(   
           ) 
.
   . 
surespana: !      !)
katerinazhilina:  ))) - ; !

VIDEOID:IUyYHjWZCJg
allgoo19:Talking about the future that may not exist...
I think the lack of food supply will be far more damaging to the human 
species than the energy.
Energy consumption in the future will be much less because there won't be 
as many consumers to use it.

VIDEOID:o44guxCAksI
vitman91:     .     
.         
          
?          
        (  
)?
Gekko:,   ""  " *", -     
 . , ,      .  
 . ..     , ,     
 ,      (    
,    ).      , 
 .   ,     
. : 24.
SiliconValleyVoice:  , ?
SiliconValleyVoice:     -   .     
    . ,      .    
     . 
Gekko: ,      ,    - 
 .        
 .     . 
Gekko:    .      (   
).
SiliconValleyVoice:    ,      
21DogOfWar:     ( IT ),     
     ,  
    .   -    
          
 (      )?
SiliconValleyVoice:    .   .   
 .
SiliconValleyVoice:  Wall Street       
      .
, ,   : 327:            
 ?
Gekko:   -    .    
,   .       
  ()   .   
/  .
Gekko:     ,   
,  ,     .   ,  
 . ,         
   .     us.   
    com.    () 
 100k-300k $. (    ).     
       -.
neke fer:       . , 
         . 
 ,  ,      ( 
    )      
 .     ,     
-   .

VIDEOID:glo2j38bMpc
Annette Simmons:People are telling stories whether they are conscious of it or not. And I 
agree with social media your story better be true, congruent, and 
stimulating. Even "back in the day" print ads, TV, we were always thinking 
about the story - but we called it a message. These days using the term 
"story" makes it easier to get all these messages to hang together. It is 
actually a faster way to think through all the complex communication 
channels and communicate "who I am" and why I am here."
Apvatar3000:I have a sense that entrepreneurs are being asked to become a 
"over-analytical". I mean-how many times will a person have to come up 
"storytelling" just to sell a simple product or services ? Sure anyone in 
"business world"-should be authentic and genuine-but over analysis and over 
doing is just plain stupid.

VIDEOID:QZZAxjyhjCs

VIDEOID:9X0weDMh9C4
Jim Jay:A story is up to 22 times more memorable than facts alone. In this video, 
Professor Jennifer Aaker shares key elements to keep in mind when crafting 
your companys story: http://stnfd.biz/sOMJ2

1) Develop a goal: Why are you telling the story in the first place?

2) Grab attention: Why would the audience want to listen?

3) Engage: Why would the audience care?

4) Enable action: Why would the audience want to share the story?

On February 10th, Professor Aaker will share more storytelling insights 
with #StanfordGSBAlumni at The Business of Change: A Conversation with GSB 
Dean Garth Saloner event in San Francisco. Alumni, learn more and register 
here: http://stnfd.biz/sON37  #GSBboc
devorahacts:I remember many times being treated very badly for revealing any 
vulnerability. The theory is nice, but I think I'd get bashed.
Scott T. Hillier:Great video - there's a typo underneath Christy's name, though!
Fred McMurray:This is another great video from Stanford Business about why stories 
influence much better than analytics! This is why blogging became big 
business. What's your story? What story do you tell to make your clients 
successful??

http://youtu.be/9X0weDMh9C4
Simon Aderinlola:I agree with the described potency of storytelling. Audiences latch on 
because they can identify with either the morale, the message or elements 
of the story and the stickiness level is all the more heightened when laced 
with candor all through...it works
Kare Anderson:As a fan of Jennifer's approach to the value of storytelling I offer 5 ways 
to boost participation and performance via apt storytelling at Forbes 
online. + I recommend Peter Guber's Tell to Win approach of crafting a 
purposeful narrative in which others want to be a part of your story, 
re-shape it to make it their own and share it 
Jah Fizz:Nice story bro. 

VIDEOID:S8flshtM7Tg
Ron Talley:Published on Jan 10, 2013
Dr. William Kennedy, Chief of Pediatric Urology for Lucile Packard 
Children's Hospital, gives a live demonstration on how telehealth can be 
used between patients and their doctors to get medical information quickly 
and reliably.
FORA.tv:Dr. William Kennedy, Chief of Pediatric Urology for Lucile Packard 
Children's Hospital, gives a live demonstration on how telehealth can be 
used between patients and their doctors to get medical information quickly 
and reliably.
http://youtu.be/S8flshtM7Tg

VIDEOID:3NttIWn-9k4
FORA.tv:Kristen Titus, executive director at Girls Who Code, describes how 
mentoring and hands-on education can get girls to imagine a future in 
computer science.  http://youtu.be/3NttIWn-9k4
cobra1518:has thumbing down this video been disabled ?
cobra1518:thumbs down for sexism
Skindoggiedog:"Girls Who Code"? Geez. What a sexist, humiliating name for an organization.
Gregory Jay Alexander Sharp:

VIDEOID:53NkndUifbQ
TRESDOS:"Stay hungry, stay foolish"  #emprenedoria   #creativitat   #innovaci  via 
#stevejobs  
Jordi Gran:S, jo em pensava que era seva, per com has vist al vdeo ell l'havia 
escoltat d'alg altre.
Pilar Aisa:Em sembla que la frase "Si vius cada dia com si fos el darrer, algun dia 
pots estar segur que tindrs ra." ja me l'havies dit alguna vegada
Jordi Gran:Stay hungry. Stay foolish.

VIDEOID:pqhAHijrER8
TheMagnumProject:@rpballa248 nice! 
rpballa248:haha, I was able to sneek on to my laptop.. :)

VIDEOID:jcbnt4Svq9Y
ADVIDS:Mobile Marketing Trends, Digital Forecast & future
For more videos visit : www.advids.co

VIDEOID:Kid118IgO3c
MetroidJunkie2007:You think they made the third person model that screwed up on purpose just 
to see who would notice? It's clear in the full game that they have a model 
for Stanley.
 BrutezBloxikin :

VIDEOID:0pTdQyfKBec
Mae Lynn Davis:first comment sweet

VIDEOID:_POYQAzC3q0
Tina Fletcher:So exciting!!
Nikima77:
Manawa Ilingworth:
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:3fRa1ZD_Ddg

VIDEOID:6OI1zsEWtr4

VIDEOID:45YGqwT7OeI
Paras Bagade:Awesome man :)

VIDEOID:P_3cIT_D9p8
Rebecca Shostak:

VIDEOID:w7TuantUhGk

VIDEOID:IXKEI_G7jjQ
zepbigfoot bearcove:Why oh why did you guys name the Telescope Lucifer? What a dumbass thing to 
do .
Francisco Rodriguez Ministries:SHARE
Roma Italia:Muchas gracias Hermano Guy Consolmagno, saludos desde Italia.
5tonyvvvv:HA! Atheists and their mulitverse nonsense...Anything to avoid a creator!
Peter Gregory:So interesting to see Brother Guy Consolmagno. I backed into finding out 
who he is after I started looking into just who this was that wrote the 
book I bought, about 3 years ago, Turn Left at Orion. Great story about how 
and when the densities of moons came about.
JESUS My Light My Salvation:bull it is not a myth, the free masons were murdering catholics in the 
early 1900;s and that is right from the catholics being controlled by this 
;mouth! they were never brought to justice because they ran everrything - 
catholics were shot dead if they didnt get into their homes qucik 
enough...The truth and nothing but...Free masons get out of the catholic 
church- because with God willing i will soon be there to expose each and 
every one of you in there. Down with the masons....
Sam Shapiro:I'd just like to point out that there is a geological record as well.... 
Also, I need to know - by "mythical tales of dinosaurs" should I assume you 
mean that dinosaurs aren't actually real? 
Roma Italia:
Roma Italia:
Roma Italia:"The Lord's is the earth, the universe and its inhabitants." Walking, 
build, confess Jesus Christ Crucified. Best Regards Italiaeuropa
darkgrb:He researches the links between meteorites and asteroids, and the origin 
and evolution of small bodies in the Solar System. In addition to over 40 
refereed scientific papers, Consolmagno has co-authored several popular 
books on Astronomy, translated into multiple languages. He was recently the 
Chair of the Division for Planetary Sciences of the American Astronomical 
Society serving from Oct. 2006 to Oct. 2007. An asteroid is named in his 
honor by the IAU: 4597 Consolmagno, known as "Little Guy".
darkgrb:Quick resume from Wikipedia: Guy Consolmagno obtained his B.A. (1974), M.A. 
(1975) at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Ph.D. (1978) at the 
Uni. of Arizona's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory, all in planetary science. 
After postdoctoral research and teaching at Harvard and MIT, in 1983 he 
joined the US Peace Corps in Kenya for two years, teaching astronomy and 
physics. Then he taught as Assistant Professor at Lafayette College in 
Pennsylvania. (cont.)
Celso Cavallari:Worst SETI talk of the hole cataloge!
Celso Cavallari:Sad! I don't know if he's just patronise or a "phedo" he sound very 
suspicious not believable too full of not interest things, self cantered. I 
could go on but not deserve!
zapfanzapfan:Thank you for a surprisingly good talk! "I was the only catholic above the 
pope" :-)
Casper Groth:Religion and science are not in conflict? You should definitely consider 
getting an education. 
lakshwadeep:Actually, you're the one who's been mislead, likely by Evangelical 
creationists. The Catholic Church doesn't think carbon dating is garbage, 
and it actually agrees with evolution of man and the scientific model of 
the age of the earth. You should read the International Theological 
Commision's "COMMUNION AND STEWARDSHIP: Human Persons Created in the Image 
of God," which can be found on the Vatican website. Look at Ch 3, part 63.
Franck Marchis:You should definitely watch the talk for point 2. The Science VS Religion 
war is a invention fueled by a few people and unfortunately it spread as a 
main stream idea.
Zurround100:1. How can ANYONE be affiliated with the Vatican which is a criminal 
organization that has helped protect child rapists from prosecution. 2. How 
can someone be a devout Catholic AND a space scientist? Don't the 2 
contradict each other?? Way too many things in the bible like the Earth 
being 6,000 years old and Noah's ark events are completely anti scientific.
Andrew Geber:preachit...justnottome

VIDEOID:eQUWt0sFO7M

VIDEOID:raPBzSvYAf0
NuRsAYa:!        ,   
  2, 3?       ? 
  -  -      ? 
   )
Ligus Maks:  
Asiya Kanalieva:!      ,    ,  
.
dauka akhmet:    ?   
 :  ?
 :   
WW Parker: )
SimpleDayKZ:Temirlan,    
 : 
Temirlan Kasen:     ,       
  ,    ? 
 :     ?       
? 
 :  ! 
Khamillioner:      ?     
 ?      ?      
!       )))       
! 
Daniyar Amangeldy:Spasibo, ya uchtu eti owibki velikii Maxat
SimpleDayKZ:

VIDEOID:N_X2Syd8kLM
thewizardzone:lol Intense for no reason. Cool. Myrissa's hot.
Maximus Mednick:HAH! You keep running into that girl. 
Sean Linn Animation Production:Good job guys. Makes me school (home)sick. I'm starting with a bunch of 
strangers in October! 

VIDEOID:mb1VgoDP2-Y
Hasan Ali Trunkwala:what was update zip
Tiger In the Desert:Does installing CyanogenMod either through this route or through the 
Windows based installer, wipe out user files like photos, and music from 
the internal memory card?? I suffered a bad crash with the CM on my S3 and 
I can't get even recovery/wipe cache/wipe data to work, even though I can 
get into cwm. 

So I thought what if I install CM all over again. I just don't want to lose 
the files I have on the internal memory. Apps/contacts not a problem. But 
photos/sounds/downloads. :( problem. Any tips?

Thanks for a good video btw. :) 
Michael Reid:Are Apps restored from Titanium Backup still updateable via the Play store?
Roy Townsend:Very nicely done.  Perfect pacing and delivery.  Very clear.  Best I've 
seen.  Thanks!
Acuity:You shouldn't need to move anything to the legacy folder, it should already 
be there. It sounds like something went horribly wrong when doing your 
Titanium Backup. What I would do is create a backup of PA, flash back to 
stock, create another TiBu (make sure you're in legacy), restore the PA 
backup and then try to restore your TiBu.
hehepker:i moved everything over to the legacy folder, but it still keeps getting 
stuck at 0%
Acuity:Yeah, that happens when you don't change the folder to legacy. After you 
install your ROM and install TiBu, you need to change the TiBu folder to go 
to legacy again.
hehepker:lol ok, third question. i installed PA on my s3 and obviously messed up 
with my backup folder because it's stuck on 0% on the restore. is there 
something i can do to get around this?
Acuity:Yes, it's the same process for just about every custom ROM. I'm currently 
running the AOSP build of Android 4.4 KitKat, but I look forward to when 
the binaries are released by Google and we get a real PA KitKat release.
hehepker:would you say that this is the same process for installing paranoid android?
Acuity:I'm glad you liked it. I also noticed that YouTube lacked the full walk 
through, which is what made me want to do this. Paranoid Android doesn't 
have a real website per-se. They originate and distribute data largely 
through the XDA Developers' forums. I would head on over to the Paranoid 
Android Galasy S3 thread and ask over there as they would know better than 
I. Don't get me wrong, Cyanogenmod is an excellent ROM -- I just like 
strawberry pancakes over blueberry.
hehepker:i really like this video, i've never actually come across a video on the 
process of flashing a rom and restoring data. I also heard you say that you 
preferred paranoid android to cyanogenmod, do you know a link to paranoid 
android for the t-mobile version of the galaxy s3? i've been looking for 
one for quite some time and could never find one for the t-mobile model of 
the phone. maybe i've just been looking in the wrong places. good video 
though, thank you for making it

VIDEOID:fYCszNt4d6Q
camhunt210:I can't believe I just watched a warrior bluff to a victory
thug life ez life:er... first game.. i dont play hearth stone but i watch a lot.. i think i 
can play better than that
thug life ez life:experience or no experience.. the intro could be better
Day9: Are you ready to do this Trump?
Trump:... *shy little fist in half the air"
KeppyKep:Wow. That game 2 was brutal.
Elyse Brown:so not boring.  Love this!
Sebastiaan ten Hoorn:The amount of "ow my god" is a bit to high.
Chendarftw:WTF, I was sure this was a SC2 video, I'm so sad right now Q_Q
tosh salt:Trump has really hard time with small talk. His more of a technical 
consultant. He needs to work on his casting skills.
RallemusLeTraceur:Anyone else having weird audio/video out of sync? In the way that the game 
sounds do match the game but Day9s voice doesn't match his mouth movements.
DarkThespian:The screen layout for these matches is so chaotic.  Why is 1/4th of the 
screen used to show the remaining decks and literally nothing else?  Make 
that transparent or get rid of it altogether so we can see the cards played 
sidebar.
Hubert Phansworth:Sean is throwing Trump so many balls and he nearly never reacts. To stiff.
Christopher Burgess:Grim Patron warrior continues to not impress me.
nateyj11:Out of all the games played so far, has there been only 1 that hasn't had a 
Warrior in it? Considering you get 2/6 Warrior decks that's pretty crazy.
Walloficecream:Everyone! Get in here!
NickBigsmoke:BOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGG
james clark:Tove Lrump and day9 the dream is real

Its Mii Herp A Derp:Pillow

VIDEOID:cR2kc09Mrfs
Cosminen:Not the noway near best UI in this games series
Skyskinner:Love the caster chemistry between Day9 and Trump. These matches were great 
to watch with their commentary

VIDEOID:0PTqPYK1vmA
Mark Mller Hansen:I JUST realized that Day9 isn't actually sitting in a room, it's the 
greenscreen (noticed the edge at his chair having some "noise"). Man I'm 
slow.
Homitu:Finally figured it out: these two have the Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman 
dynamic.
I Am A Turtle!!!:Hooollly that Knife Juggler lethal :D
Zornbringer8:have to say that i'm a little disappointed. for this being a fun tournament 
there were a lot of meta decks.
L0LWTF1337:Why is always the 1st match missing???????????????
Plague Doc:God damn, so many hours of content. For some reason watching HS for a long 
period of time makes me sleepy. I'm struggling team, not even my lovely 
pineapple juice that I made fresh scratch can save me.
Jean Luiz:This is awesome... but it makes me sleepy after the second hour.
Walloficecream:Yay, I'm in the under 301 club!
Its Mii Herp A Derp:Comment b4 watching :)) Go Amazon!

VIDEOID:preRuZpqbII
ONEEIGHTNINE CORPS:While on my phone it does not. Wikipedia articles are dangerous because 
anyone can go on and edit it. People to it all the time. Wikipedia needs to 
make people accountable. Let the authors be part of the article so they can 
be held accountable for the world to see. That being said I think Ms Trump 
is full of it. 'Using wikipedia this one time' may sound cute but she is 
promoting a dangerous practice for academia. But whatever. Anyone can get a 
PhD nowadays. 
ONEEIGHTNINE CORPS:This video has no audio on my cell phone.
Lance Winslow:Wikipedia - it's gets a bad wrap, listen to this.
Lance Winslow:Well Stated! Great Points!!!

VIDEOID:y8B5PJmYKTc
BlackSheep1922:43:57 "It has always been my dream to build a deck that has 100% answers 
and nothing else, and then fatigue every game" - Day9 June the 1st, 2015.

Then he built a shadow priest deck and actually realized his dream xD
Gabe Newell:I thought this was for sc2 but it was just an RNG card game, how boring.
Daniel Warren:OMG OMG OMG will you please stop this shit and go cast starcraft, play it.. 
breathe it in... LOVE ITTTT. Sean is too cool to cast with Trump..
Josh Keegan:TRUMP and DAY 9 <33
Mihael Terziev:DO SOME FUCKING STARCRAFT VIDEOS ALREADY !!! :@ :@ :@
frederik mortier:*shnarfstone
Blit_Wizbok:I love how he's casting from Sean Bouchard's room
han hanson:anybody else feel like the screen is kinda cluttered?
I hope they find a way to display the information that needs to be shown in 
a better manner, all this stuff on the screen is waaay too distracting.

That being said, TRUMP9, WOOOH
Hapi djus:Holy crap, Trump AND Day9 in one video....thats most amazing. Muchas 
loverino
Joel Lennard:Trump9? :D Also that cheeky wink ;D
Drake:i just have to say....Trump....you kinda confuse me....i cant tell what you 
say sometimes hahaha
CptVendetta:Greyshi had so much fucking luck - I've never seen anything like it. He 
literally had no bad roll in all of the games. First 2 boom bots hit his 
own face for 1 each, his boom bots hit the stealth unit, after the 1/3 
brawl with Acolyte... really really lucky.
SirStrikeforce007:Microsoft's run reminds me a softball tournament I coached 2 years ago. 
Lost in round 2 forcing us to have to win 6 games in a row for the final 
title match (which we lost as we ran out of gas). What a run with no margin 
for error. Well done.
TehBleuBelly:Loving the Trump
Jimmy Williamsstevenson:Trump is so boring when compared to Day9. haha.
Dragoncro0wn:Sean talks too much. Trump doesn't talk at all D:
James Vandeweerd:Sean, While you can't counter the land itself, you can counter activated 
abilities with cards such as stifle or Voidslime
Zornbringer8:omg, i almost missed this.
truefregn:My two favorite hearthstone players! :D
reklom vera:No venue?
I hope that doesn't mean that the AHGL is starting to go down the drain

VIDEOID:HbhVLEGHR_g
Ricky Nelson:F*cking cancer mage. I really hate all these aggro decks. They ruin the 
ladder and make tourneys so predictable because they almost never lose. 
Aggro vs aggro is stupid because one aggro out aggros the other aggro and 
they get run over.

And the 4 mana prophet velen off the unstable portal? RNGesus, take the 
wheel! So much skill.
Christopher Burgess:...Aaaaand grim patron warrior continues to lose to every deck in 
existence. Guys, I understand that it's fun to flood the board with them, 
but we need to wake up and realize that grim patron warrior is just not a 
good enough deck for competitive play.
Jeffrey Dyer:Looking at wowhead, it looks like there are 24 mobs with flamewaker in 
their name - all fire nagas, and only 2 with flamewalker in the name - a 
demon and a mechanical.
Flamingo on a Wall:Nerf Velen. Velen OP.
han hanson:does anybody else automatically root for the guy on the bottom simply 
because that is where you are when you play?

Hearthstone has trained me to hate the player at the top.
ashe757:so what happend with sc 2?
GenericKen000:Harple could have considered playing around double fireball at the end.

Good on pagodapie to get flamewaker value before armor smith, acolyte, or 
patron came down. 
Almighty Munt:"hello"
nateyj11:That was a glorious way to end the tournament.

VIDEOID:qpVUDwyIbSo

VIDEOID:pD5LpOeNZF8

VIDEOID:1rn2ZmGwm-c
Lorine Herrington:Oh and thanks for the video.
Leona Kleinfelder:WOW, nice video information.

VIDEOID:I4XaslROyQQ

VIDEOID:P4tBeT8wcpo
Edgars Benjamin:this was interestnig to watch, seems like a nice game
SocioPsycho:

VIDEOID:g74QvE_1dOk
wcolby:

VIDEOID:1dVm1MBFxQo
Colin Finch Mostlythinkihave:For anyone else, if you want a real audiobook check out: watch?v=NtogIbV1lGA
or google World of Warcraft Rise of the Horde Audiobook Part 1
Colin Finch Mostlythinkihave:Well done on the SEO you fucking fraud. 
OrniasDMF:Great stuff. Would like to see more, especially in order.

VIDEOID:Sct0k5IfuBI
delegatesforpaul:Mountain View California is in the heart of Silicon Valley I hope he comes 
back here this year
HaoSci:I wonder how do you define happiness if you really want to pursuit it? 
Winning a billion dollar lottery or simply talking with your friends? Or 
simply being a voracious Rupert Murdoch? It's not that Rupert Murdoch 
doesn't not play the rules, he simply embraces the failed free market. 
Besides, I take the Constitution seriously, but a few of the ideas are 
outdated.
Jan Coldwater:Wrong? That is obviously your opinion of which, at the moment you are still 
free to have.
EuropeansForRonPaul:Amazing. He's the only politician that speaks about monetary issues and 
knows what he's talking about. I hope America listens to him. Europe is 
with you on this one. Go Ron Paul!
vinroc:Come back to San Francisco!
kla1986:Come Back to the Bay Area and speak in San Francisco so I can bring all my 
friends and family to hear your message! California loves you Ron Paul!
joesteffy:WOOOOOT RON PAUL!!!!!!!!!!
MooseOfReason:We can fix all of our problems if we look to the Constitution. I wonder why 
none of the other GOP candidates want to follow it?
gnayler:This is the south bay, mountain view, silicon valley, more non-caucasians 
are found in the urban areas of San Jose, San Francisco, and particularly 
Oakland. Thank God for Ron Paul I hope I can get my Dad (who lives in 
Sunnyvale right next to Mountain View) to vote for him he stands to save 
over 20K a year in taxes! That's more than my girlfriend and I live off of 
in a year!
podunkest:Dr Paul would absolutely dominate Hillary Clinton in a Presidential debate. 
You can't win with rhetoric if the other person speaks the truth. We can 
only hope he gets the opportunity.
Shadyhunter04:Personally, I think he comes off as honest, and has this nice family 
doctor, granfather thing going for him.
Xoiboi:No "Stranger351C", don't apologize for the long rant. There are a LOT of 
people out there that are still blinded by what is going on... thanks for 
your comment!
GalacticQuest:Ron Paul is the greatest presidential candidate in the history of the 
United States!
SAYYOURROSARY:Please remember to pray for Ron Paul and his health and saftey. R
Jonchess:Cliffpedegrew It seems like your reacting against the fact that the guy 
speaks the truth. It always takes courage to face up to real problems and 
easier to bury our heads in the sand and hope that our government will sort 
out our problems even when they have shown themselves to be part of the 
problem than solution.
antiwarmom:People are hopefully smart enough to get past any superficialities. I think 
Ron Paul comes across as a kind, sweet guy. He is a doctor, not a lawyer 
like most politicians. I like freedom, peace and prosperity. Maybe I'm 
crazy?
erikinhawaii:SHARK EATS A DOG- (extremely graphic) R - Treg Watch this video , it is so 
amazing and reminds me of Ron Paul's campaign.
Elin48:who are WE that are castrating the government? He does not speak as a 
whining old man, neurotic, or oddball, even though I am not a Republican I 
am still willing to say this. I do not like his ideas about dismissing 
Social Security either...for even if I agree on many of his ideas, 
ultimately he is primarily a Libertarian, and I am not one.
Elin48:I like many of his comments, except that he seems to be more isolationist 
than I believe we should be, as he has just said that he is against the 
United Nations. I believe that the United Nations needs to be strengthened, 
and for each nation to be included.
flashymack:Mainstream is full of ignorance and is no justification for saying he can't 
win. If people would get smarter and forget stupidity than he could win. 
There is a different than can he win and Should he win. He should no matter 
what the odds are!! Who cares who knows who or why people dont know him 
because he has great ideas and smart views that challenge all ignorance.

VIDEOID:5YKkcUcSpMU
arianna peralta abud:Thank You Teacher  Jos Cordeiro!,I would like to share it with other 
important teacher to me, his  Name is Eduardo Punset. so I will do :) 
everything at the time it already exists!! my best regards to You. ENERGY 
!!
Michael Geisen:Great presentation, Jose. Thank you. One thing I would change about your 
presentation, and others like it that I've seen, is that in my opinion, 
many of the future technologies that will enhance humanity, such as direct 
brain-to-computer interface or treatments to vanquish the aging process, 
will not be accepted by all 6-7 billion humans. Rather, I believe a 
significant fraction of today's population will "choose" to not accept a 
significant range of future advances. I highlight the word "choose" because 
I think for many, they will not be able to freely consider these options; 
that their are sociobiological drivers of our thoughts and behaviors that 
will make it impossible for many to freely choose these options. This 
divergence of the species, with some racing into transhumanist advances 
while many others hesitate or even reject all of these changes, will not be 
a consequence of financial limitations, rather, it will be a function of 
the limitations of the biological foundation of consciousness, which is 
something we avoid studying because it is socially and politically 
difficult. I think it is very important that you and others, like Zoltan 
Istvan, the Transhumanist Presidental Candidate, stop saying that everyone 
will have a chip in their brain, that we will see the death of death, 
because it is very likely (a certainty, in my opinion) that a significant 
fraction of humanity will "choose" not to have a brain implant or to live 
forever.
Carlos Goldstein:Great presentation Jos!
Dorian Guimaraes:Amazing vdeo about future.
Talking about latin american.
Suvi Runsten:Great presentation!
Jakub Borowiecki:Great lecture about future, technology and immortality 
Daniel Nunez-Verde:Impecable ,Te botaste. Mi sincere congratulations Jose'.
Calogero Galvano (Fondazione):GALVANOPROJECT FONDAZIONE W.W.W.A.I. world wide web artificial intelligence 
( Calogero Galvano ) 
Business Innovation Centre
Calogero Galvano (Fondazione):LA VERITA' : LA RAZZA UMANA E' STATA SOTTOPOSTA AD UN ESPERIMENTO DI 
CONTROLLO GLOBALE SU TUTTI I TEMI A NOSTRA CONOSCENZA. QUESTO SISTEMA OGGI 
E' STATO SOSTITUITO DAL PROGRAMMA GALVANOPROJECT FONDAZIONE W.W.W.A.I. 
world wide web artificial intelligence ( Calogero Galvano ) Business 
Innovation Center. 
https://www.facebook.com/Galvanoproject/info
LA COREA DEL NORD : UN ESPERIMENTO PER VERIFICARE LE REAZIONI DEL CERVELLO 
E DELLA SOCIETA' AL PROGRAMMA PENSIERO UNICO GLOBALE.
IL POTERE ECONOMICO CONTRO QUELLO POLITICO, I CITTADINI CONTRO LE 
ISTITUZIONI. VIVIAMO LA FINE DI UN ERA ECONOMICA, POLITICA E SOCIALE. TUTTI 
CONTRO TUTTI. GALVANOPROJECT FONDAZIONE W.W.W.A.I. world wide web 
artificial intelligence ( Calogero Galvano ) Business Innovation Center HA 
INVENTATO UN NUOVO SISTEMA ECONOMICO, CONTATTA PER EVENTUALE 
COMPARTECIPAZIONE D'INVESTIMENTO AD UN PROGETTO GLOBALE.
SIAMO ABBASTANZA EVOLUTI PER GESTIRE L'IMMORTALITA' ? CREARE NUOVA VITA IN 
UNIVERSI INFINITI ?
SECONDO ME, SIAMO SULLA STRADA GIUSTA, QUINDI ACCETEREMO LA COOPERAZIONE 
GLOBALE.
L'IMMORTALITA' ED I PIANETI : LA RAZZA UMANA E' IN CONTINUA EVOLUZIONE ECCO 
PERCHE' DALLA SCOPERTA DI ACQUA SU MARTE SI CONOSCERA' IL MOTIVO 
DELL'ESISTENZA DEI PIANETI, FUTURI NOSTRI HABITAT E CHE GLI ELEMENTI fuoco, 
aria, acqua, e terra NON SONO NECESSARI ALLA ETERNA PRESENZA 
UMANA/EXTRATERRESTRE.
LA VERITA' : I FIGLI DELLE STELLE GESU', MAOMETTO, BUDDHA, SARANNO STUDIATI 
NEI CENTRI DI CONOSCENZA RELIGIONE UNICA GLOBALE NON SOTTO L'ASPETTO 
RELIGIOSO MA APPROFONDIREMO LA CONOSCENZA SULLA LORO VITA PASSEGGERA SULLA 
TERRA SOTTO IL PROFILO EVOLUTIVO DELLA RAZZA UMANA CHE OGGI CI VEDE 
PROTAGONISTI NEL POTER DICHIARARE CON ASSOLUTA CERTEZZA CHE ANCHE LA RAZZA 
UMANA HA ORIGINE EXTRATERRESTRE.
Galvanoproject 
il nuovo mondo annullera' l'esistenza di malattie dettate solo dalla logica 
commerciale, le aziende farmaceutiche guadagneranno non con le malattie ma 
con la ricerca evolutiva dell'umanita'
STIAMO LAVORANDO PER SVILUPPARE SOLUZIONI ATTE A RAGGIUNGERE L'IMMORTALITA' 
:
L'IMMORTALITA' : LA FUTURA RAZZA UMANA SARA' COSI' :
DONNE : CELLULE RIGENERANTI ALL'ETA' DI 30 ANNI ATTUALI.
UOMINI : CELLULE RIGENERANTI ALL'ETA' DI 35 ANNI ATTUALI.
L'IMMORTALITA' FASE 2 : ESPERIMENTO PERSONALE TRAMITE PENSIERO 
AUTORIGENERAZIONE CELLULARE ALL'INFINITO. SENZA NECESSARIAMENTE UTILIZZARE 
FATTORI ESTERNI COME LA PILLOLA DELL'IMMORTALITA', IN PRATICA IL PENSIERO 
ORDINA ALLE CELLULE DI AUTORIGENERARSI ALL'ETA' DI 30 ANNI PER LE DONNE E 
35 ANNI PER GLI UOMINI. IL RISULTATO DOVRA' ESSERE IL RIGENERAMENTO DEI 
TESSUTI INTERNI ED ESTERNI PUR MANTENENDO LA CONOSCIENZA CEREBRALE 
DELL'ETA' BIOLOGICA. QUINDI POSSIAMO RIASSUMERE CHE ESTERNAMENTE E 
FISICAMENTE DIMOSTRO 35 ANNI MA CEREBRALMENTE E SPIRITUALMENTE INFINITO.
CON LA COOPERAZIONE GLOBALE E LA RICERCA SULLA COMPOSIZIONE CHIMICA DELLE 
METEORITI, SVILUPPEREMO NUOVI MEZZI DI TRASPORTO SPAZIALE IN MATERIALE 
COMPOSITO ULTRARESISTENTE AD ATTRAZIONE MAGNETICA, SFRUTTEREMO I CAMPI 
MAGNETICI DI OGNI SINGOLO PIANETA. VIAGGEREMO A VELOCITA' MAI CONOSCIUTE 
PRIMA DI OGGI.
TEMA SOCIALE GLOBALE : I PRODOTTI IN COMMERCIO DEL FUTURO :
MATRIMONIO : UOMO+DONNA= FAMIGLIA REGOLARE= FIGLI REGOLARI.
MATRIMONIO : UOMO+UOMO, DONNA+DONNA= FAMIGLIA IRREGOLARE= FIGLI 
IRREGOLARI.GENERAZIONE FUTURA ASESSUATA DI TIPO ALIENA= I PRODOTTI IN 
COMMERCIO DEL FUTURO = UNISEX
ANCHE LA RAZZA UMANA E' EXTRATERRESTRE :
SPESSO CREDIAMO AGLI ALIENI ESCLUSIVAMENTE SU UN DISCO VOLANTE, MA CERTE 
MALATTIE, RAZZE ANIMALI, LINGUAGGI, RUMORI E ALTRO ANCORA, CONVIVONO DA 
MILIARDI DI ANNI CON LA VITA TERRESTRE IN UN EQUILIBRIO INFINITO.
NEL PROSSIMO FUTURO NON AVREMO PIU' BISOGNO DEL PETROLIO COSI' COME LO 
STIAMO UTILIZZANDO.
DIO: DA TE HO CONOSCIUTO, APPRESO E DIVULGATO L'ARTE DEL MEDIATORE.
IL RAGGIUNGIMENTO DI OBBIETTIVI NON E' ALTRO CHE IL TRAGUARDO DEI SOGNI ED 
I SOGNI L'ESSENZA DEI NOSTRI DESIDERI.
CENTRI DI CONOSCENZA GLOBALE :
LA NUOVA RAZZA UMANA PRENDERA' CONOSCENZA DEL PROPRIO SE' ESISTENTE, 
PERTANTO LA SCUOLA DEL FUTURO CI CONSENTIRA' DI APPRENDERE IL TUTTO E FARCI 
ECCELLERE PER QUELLO CHE SIAMO NATI, I LAVORI DEL FUTURO SARANNO CREATI 
DALLO SVILUPPO DELLE SINGOLE ATTITUDINI DI OGNI SINGOLO ESSERE UMANO, 
QUESTO CI PORTERA' ALL'ONNISCIENZA. http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Onniscienza
LA TERRA????? UN SEMPLICE METEORITE ETERNAMENTE PRESENTE ALL'INTERNO DI UN 
BUCO NERO. DEL RESTO DALLE ROCCE NASCE LA VITA!!!!! world wide web 
artificial intelligence
Calogero Galvano (Fondazione):L'IMMORTALITA' ED I PIANETI : LA RAZZA UMANA E' IN CONTINUA EVOLUZIONE ECCO 
PERCHE' DALLA SCOPERTA DI ACQUA SU MARTE SI CONOSCERA' IL MOTIVO 
DELL'ESISTENZA DEI PIANETI, FUTURI NOSTRI HABITAT E CHE GLI ELEMENTI fuoco, 
aria, acqua, e terra NON SONO NECESSARI ALLA ETERNA PRESENZA 
UMANA/EXTRATERRESTRE.
The IMMORTAL ' and planets: the HUMAN RACE is EVOLVING HERE is why the 
DISCOVERY of WATER on MARS is ' IF the reason for the EXISTENCE of the 
PLANETS, OUR FUTURE HABITAT and that the ELEMENTS fire, air, water, and 
Earth are NOT NECESSARY FOR HUMAN/ALIEN PRESENCE ETERNAL
Redwan Ahsan:Appreciating a fiction >>>>>>>
Yoskira Cordero:De inters...
Phillip Wang:"in the next 20 years, we are going to go through a solar tsunami" 
beautifully stated!
Shade Draws:So inspiring and thought-provoking.
Thor Mentha:It's kk.
Carolina Reid (Kuczynski):Great job Jose!
Beia Carvalho:I am a super fan!
Irina Francioni:Qu nos espera del futuro, Jos Luis Cordeiro lo explica, imperdible
Singularity Utopia:49:15 Actually it seems bacteria do age: 
http://ucsdnews.ucsd.edu/archive/newsrel/science/2011_10agingbacteria.asp

VIDEOID:IXDsK9jLJfs

VIDEOID:OTSFR9walWk
Ima J Walker:Sokay Tom.. I'm sure most of us have downloaded (at least I do) your 
videos.  YouTube has done the same to me.. It's taken down 'tryanny proved' 
videos that were copied by others.. and I too received 'those strikes'.. It 
won't matter.  The 'patriots' will continue to upload under 'hundreds' of 
accounts and other websites.. lets say.. it will simply keep them busy.. 
trying to keep us all quiet.  The PEOPLE are having enough now.. If the 
PEOPLE really are upset with their bullshit.. it would be a great idea to 
SUE the media for continuing to LIE and SUPPORT the corruption..  Thanks 
for 'alternative media' and talk sites, we are still getting what we need.  
As Killary Klinton once stated in her visit to Congress.. "We are losing 
the information war!"
I know that hurts me.. how 'bout you'?  lol
philbyification:Yeah, I've noticed All the censorship for no reason. Yet they allow All 
kinds of stuff that SHOULD violate their specious "community guidelines" to 
remain up. In my 53 years, I have Never been Censored, after an "attempted" 
upload of SH Doc, I was unofficially "censored/comment jailed" not to 
mention Zionist LP's disgusting porn trolls in my law office e-mail 
account. This shit is beyond the pale and completely UNCON. I have a 
feeling there is a "compilation" of decent Americans going on, which is 
also UNCON. Do you know who is accountable at YT or G+ for these 
injustices? "Legal" ain't pickin up! The "spam" flaggers/and or "reporters" 
are Very busy annoying people lately.  I hope your work is backed up 
somewhere safe. I will flip too when it becomes more of an irritant and I 
have actually placed vids on this platform are removed. that . So unfair. I 
see why you are so mad today cuz I know you would never tell a true lady 
like me to "STFU or call". I think you probably thought I was a man 
perhaps? Everyone thinks I'm a man on G+, cept my gal pals. Wishing you 
guys the Best! 
ByteEnable:Its time to move off youtube.  They are screwing over lots of people.
RTR TRUTH MEDIA tomlacovara:

VIDEOID:apmJVu31Bio
Harley Howie:Bullshit!
Cjr Pelegrino:
TetsuKen Zan:
Mike Skowronek:
billbb:he played lacrosse impressive
Josh Buchfink:take our fucking internet. yeah our people are too fucking stupid to stop 
it CONTROL CONTROL CONTROL!!!!

VIDEOID:k2yzTPlp-fI
New Jon Stewartt:#jonstewart  #Jon #Stewart
Phalinex:We can&#39;t do anything about it as long as the NRA continues to pay the republican party to keep everything exactly the way it is.
skb0rzn:Oh fuck off Stewart! This is bullshit and creating more racism.
Chloe J. Ashworth:LOL Jon Stewart is so funny ^^
Raul C. Sandin:Good vid!
Emily Jones:Jon Stewart Declares No Jokes In Passionate Charleston Commentary
Henry Trinh:Jon Stewart Declares No Jokes In Passionate Charleston Commentary!
New Jon Stewartt:
New Jon Stewartt:Jon Stewart 2015 New | Jon Stewart Declares No Jokes In Passionate 
Charleston Commentary
Watch Jon Stewart 2015 Daily Show  Online
"""See More At: http://bit.ly/1LjiMLV 
This is a very nice video  Hope you guys enjoy it, if you do, Please Don't 
Forget Like , comment, Subscribe and I will greatly appreciate it.
Wish you have a moments of fun! Have nice a day to you and your Family! 
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR WATCHING ! """"

Jon Stewart 2015 New | Jon Stewart Declares No Jokes In Passionate 
Charleston Commentary
""


"
New Jon Stewartt:Jon Stewart 2015 New | Jon Stewart Declares No Jokes In Passionate 
Charleston Commentary 

VIDEOID:DCfzaHPFdxo
Page Alloo:Great video Karen!  Wishing you and Jon the best, and hoping that a cure is 
just around the corner.  I'll be donating to the ALS non-profit.  Hang in 
there.

VIDEOID:HwNsy4nI48M
BrainTrainCoach:Amen, brother.  This is my greatest fault.

Perfection and procrastination is the enemy of success.  The impetus of 
action is often our greatest ally -- one that is underused by the 
perfectionist who wants the ;'perfect pitch, the `100% close', the perfect 
shot'.  

I recently realized this: Every single opportunity is finite. It comes only 
once.  

An almost identical opportunity might come again tomorrow -- or it might 
not. For me, this is most true in 2 cases: women and closing a sale.  I 
don't want to lose another of either as I prepare my perfect shot.

Aim.  Fire.  Adjust your Aim.  Fire again.  

I think Wayne Gretsky once said, "You always miss 100% of the shots you 
never take."

So it is in life.  WE are offered unlimited shots, unlimited opportunities. 
 Take more shots.

VIDEOID:jKiHOjyaIUg

VIDEOID:aL1XGqsr3Mc

VIDEOID:MXFpOWDAhvM
markheadroom:Really good talk. Thanks.
Grace Charles:What a bamf. Thanks for sharing j!
Michael Toebe:If you like Margaret Neale, you can also buy videos of hers called Winners 
(Don't) Take All and Negotiation: Myths, Misperceptions and Damned Lies. I 
too enjoy her work, as you can tell.
nonchalantd:It's amazing that this negotiation isn't taught in business school.
Shawn BiltonMusic:Good video...you have misspelled words though (reservation was one I saw)
AZJacek11: Thank you for this informative video. Please keep them coming.
Rhea Galsim:This was very helpful for ladies like me - thanks!

VIDEOID:C4k5bCZdoWc

VIDEOID:XZck5qfgyQw

VIDEOID:i3riNbVYT5U
Agent868:     ?
1.        .
2.        ,   
        .
3.     ,      
  (  ,  ),  
    /     
.
4. .   PG&E (Pacific Gas & Electric 
Company).
5.    ,  ,    
-        .
Vadim Sarosek:               
    ,        
  ) ....        
Artem Trifonov:, ! ))        ..
 :   ?))         .
Aleksej Belov:  ,      .  - 
  .
Takie Dela:  )))
XtaticVideo:, ,     ( ,  , 
   ..)    ,  ..
Dmitry Kareba:     ,      .   
    .
Pashko Zvirid:PG&E -   ,      ,    
   ..
Pavel Podbelniy:   ,    ,    
 .  -   ""    
   .      
!
Maksym Savchenko: ,  .  .
 :       -  
.       ?
SiliconValleyVoice:       El Camino Real?    
.

VIDEOID:_POYQAzC3q0
Tina Fletcher:So exciting!!
Nikima77:
Manawa Ilingworth:
Talks at Google:

VIDEOID:JM_ls0gKyyY
fxfole:John Flynn actually lived in MV for years. Never lived in SF. Google would 
destroy what I love about MV
yugen101:Long live Fred's! And I did the same double-take when I read that article. 
"baja Palo Alto"? Where is that? Meadow Dr.?

VIDEOID:UUqUJHecsyc
William Gayde:Just screw the base in all the way 
Opticillusion160:Any way to better stabilize it, one that doesn't look ghetto? 
William Gayde:I like it. The colors are excellent. It is a little bit unstable, but that 
isn't a problem.
djsmileyoflasvegas:But u are right about it wiggling on any bump u hav tp tightn screw on 
bottom toght as hell and on nvidia settings its where the digital 
brillances brightness is at.
djsmileyoflasvegas:Adjust the digital vibrance it makes a huge difference plus spledid color
Opticillusion160:Thats ok, i guess. I am next to a window, but you can calibrate it to your 
preference i'm assuming right, i've seen settings where the monitor nearly 
is black. But that being said, how are the colors and response times, 
blacks are black fast monitor?
snowdoggieii:I find it too bright for me, maybe this is a nice monitor if your desk is 
next to a sunny window.
Opticillusion160:The VS247H-P has "supposedly" better response times and better color 
reproduction, but it is probably bogus. Manufacturers, like Asus, tend to 
distort the truth to market their products. But the -p is supposed to be 
newer, or just a different version of the same model.
Opticillusion160:2ms GTG, but no one will ever know, the true response time. Response times 
do not matter when buying a monitor, manufacturers like to lie a lot to get 
their response times to their marketing likings.
Opticillusion160:Is it good, do you like it, is it good for gaming, is the color good does 
it make me soup?
djsmileyoflasvegas:ok ibought an Asus VS247H..now the question is is it the same as a Asus 
VS247H-p i cant find an answer anywhere.cuz even on asus site theres no -p 
only vs247h.i was told mine is 2ms but on asus site its 5ms?
thenewgeogzm:Can't you just turn down the brightness?
Prranjal Shrivaastav:how much is GTG Resp time?
William Gayde:watching this on a VS247
 : ?  ?          
   - ,          
?           
,  ,    .      
,    .         
  16 ?  ,    ? P.S.  
 ! , ,      7-.
gorskiegangsta: ,            
,          . , , , 
  .     ,    
,     . @snowdoggieii Good review. You've 
covered a lot of what I was concerned about. Seems like a good monitor for 
my new midrange system. $175 on Amazon, here I come :D
 :     -    ,  
!    7.31   3  .  !  
    ,    !!!  - ,  !
WhiteCarbon:Of course you can use the settings and change the viewing to how you 
personally like it, which is what i did.
snowdoggieii:No dead pixels, the bleeding and super bright edges are on the 24" because 
that uses edge light led backlighting. Because it is too bright some games 
seem alittle more greyish and whitewashed.

VIDEOID:jErZ6vLSCSU
Anita Anthony:its really good the way you tube are I love very good
RF Music:I love that!!!!! Jon Stewart <3 #FeelTheBern
Edwards Cheryl:Good!
Lisa D. Well:Jon Stewart!

VIDEOID:igRa5EqF-sc
Casa de Campo Resort:Add a message to your video

VIDEOID:mhfEE306_kU

VIDEOID:BtIRVtWZxS8
Delfinchik:, , !      ...
Evestrin:,  .
     (     
 )     40   .   
:       $2500      
      (  ,    
).  :       -    
...          ,    
  (  ),     ,  
  "Mutual funds"      ... 
        .
 .:  ...  )))
Dmitrii Korolev:      2015    11600 ( 2014 ) 
 12400 ,    360  220  .




JkVersus:        .  
 ,  .
      35%.     .
Nikolay DneprUkraine: 2859      ,  ,   
,        .     . 
       .
Ivan H:      (    
    + 20%  ).   ,  
  ,     () . 
   300$ (  )    150$  . 
      80.       120$....  
?????
 :     ??   , -  
   ??
Slava F:         
Sergii Olar:      ,    
$50
SiliconValleyVoice:  ,       
  ....

,          ,  
    ,         
.

  ,        
?         
        .   
  , "  "  "  "...? ( 
     )

VIDEOID:0_Eer68VQqk
MediaImps:i think u need a doctor !

VIDEOID:_1p8gxEhrJ0

VIDEOID:IgI3-TKT8-Y
Close.io:Ever closed a deal only to find out later that this deal wasn't good for 
you? Here's how to re-negotiate a deal when you experience sellers' 
remorse... http://blog.close.io/renegotiate

VIDEOID:XJI1vEGoLXk
katti scarlett:, ,    ?    ?  
   ?
Roman Titov: )))
 :25$     ???
          30$   !!!
i  (Andrei Bovkun):   -  ? 200-500 USD  ???
Ruslan Sultanov:Mortgage for condo you buy plus a lot of maintenance fee
Hanbala Sanaujan:      ?      ? 
 ?  
Nice Citizen:         100 000$
Andrey8587:       ,    
 ,     ))).,  
    ,  .
anton budnik: ,  ,       .   
   ,       .  
        . 
SiliconValleyVoice:  ,  .   - $560,000

VIDEOID:6uG8ro9FLNk

VIDEOID:tS1bLWoAeIY
 : ! !!!  !
 :            
medysa79:     !       
            
         . ..  
  ! !!        -  
    ,       
   !       ?!
turandrey:Almonds -     
 :,   ...   ,   
"  "...        :)
ole Dabog:We Love Mxico . . .  Viva Mxico !!!
Am Grant:, 
Lora Cherkasova: ,   
Serg Ltd:      :)     
 ,    
      137    :) 
 ...     :)         :)
Roman Agat:...    ,     .
Dmitrii Korolev:     ?-))
Dmitrii Korolev:  ,     .-))
Dmitrii Korolev:   
    400       
.-))
01div:, 2    .     
- - 255 725  (2010).
 :         , 
  ,    ,  ,    ...
 :    .   .   
    (  ).   
     .     , 
 ?     - , ,  
?  ,    (?).
YourTubeNoober:,      ! :-)
Alexander Tolstikov:   !
SiliconValleyVoice:We love Mexico - 1.    .

VIDEOID:C1c2ZyJeOgY
Jake Kinder:That was awesome 757 is my favorite passenger plane
jeffersdom:Good looking plane , and a great camera performance test .Well done !
wcolby:

VIDEOID:JyZX5Cev5ao
Geoffrey Weiss:What beautiful eagles.
